Which Shakespearean Character Has The Most Lines 
Who killed Macbeth?
What Was The Name Of Charles Dickens Last Novel Unfinished At His Death 
Who is associated with the address 221B Baker Street, London ?
What is the fourth book in the Harry Potter series 
For What Is Dame Margott Fonteyn Famous 
A realistic style of painting in which everyday life forms the subject matter, as distinguished from religious or historical painting.  
On what book was 'Three Days Of The Condor' based?
From the Hebrew word for 'prophet'. A group of French painters active in the 1890s who worked in a subjective, sometimes mystical style, stressing flat areas of color and pattern. 
Who wrote Great Expectations?
A termed coined by British art critic Roger Fry to refer to a group of nine-teenth century painters, who were dissatisfied with the limitations of impressionism. It has since been used to refer to various reactions against impressionism, such as fauvism and expressionism.
Who Co-Wrote (Yeoman Of The Guard), (Lolanthe And The Mikado) 
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: Goodnight, goodnight! parting is such sweet sorrow, That I should say goodnight till it be morrow.
Which Author Wrote The Sound & The Fury, The Wild Palms, And As I Lay Dying 
What was H.G Wells' first novel?
This statue was found on the Greek island of Melos in 1820.
French impressionist Claude _____
In Which Story Does The Schoolboy (Piggy) Star 
A band of painted or sculpted decoration, often at the top of a wall.   
Who Wrote The Famous Book 'A Brief History Of Time'' In 1988? 
In one of Donald Horne's novels, as what was Australia dubbed?
Three main types of Greek columns are Doric, Ionic, and __________.
What Are The March Sisters Names In Louisa M Alcotts (Little Woman) 
In which book did four ghosts visit Scrooge?
What Is The Name Of The Russian National Ballet 
In 'Romeo and Juliet', about what was Mercutio's long monologue?
Who Wrote The Books (The Firm) And (The Pelican Brief) Both Of Which Were Made Into Films? 
Which US author penned the novels "Of Mice and Men" and "East Of Eden"?
Who wrote the shortest ever letter ?
His many Romantic odes include 'Ode to Melancholy' and 'Ode to a Graecian Urn'
Who Created Lord Peter Wimsey 
Under What Pen Name Did Hector Hugh Munro Write 
Water-soluble paint made from pigments and a plastic binder…?  
In Swifts Gullivers Travels What Is Gullivers Profession 
A method of watercolor painting, but prepared with a more gluey base, producing a less transparent effect.  
Who created Sherlock Holmes ?
Dr. Seuss wrote this book: The Cat in the______.
Which Sculptor Produced A Lobster Telephone 
In Which Century Did Artists First Start Painting On Canvas 
Name the author of 'The Catcher in the Rye'
The surrealist painter Salvador Dali was a native of which country?
What is the name of the main character in Homer's Odyssey?
"Our Town" is a play by whom?
Which Poet Wrote No Verse During His Time As Poet Laureate 
Which Thriller Writers Works Include (The Dark Eyes Of London, Four Just Men & Sanders Of The River) 
What controversial book did Germaine Greer write?
Who Was The Merchant In Shakespear's (The Merchant Of Venice) 
A Russian abstract movement originated by Malevich c. 1913. It was characterized by flat geometric shapes on plain backgrounds and emphasized the spiritual qualities of pure form.  
How is Samuel Clemens better known ?
In What Work Does The HAL 9000 Appear 
Who Was Samuel Clemens Better Known As 
What Is Tthe Ballet Term For Spinning On One Foot 
Which Character Created By Dodie Smith Drove A Black & White Car & Wore A Black & White Fur Coat? 
Who was the author of 'Dracula'?
This man was Time magazine's 1938 "Man of the Year"
What is the opposite of an utopia?
In painting, the degree of lightness or darkness in a color.
Who is the author of "Harry Potter" ?
Who painted the Mona Lisa
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: Double, double
Who wrote 'The Time Machine'?
Who wrote 'To Kill A Mockingbird'?
This book, Oscar Wilde's only novel, was used as evidence in his sodomy trial?
In Which Country Was John Constable Born 
"The Diary of Anne Frank" was first published in English under what title
Who Penned The 1999 Autobiography (Managing My Life)? 
What Famous Gothic Novel Was Written By Mary Shelley 
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: What in a name That which we call a rose, by any other name would smell as sweet.
This magazine used to boast a circulation of 7,777,777.
In Which City Is The Encyclopediaa Britanica Published 
What Was Shakespear's Last Completed Play 
Which Famous Sculptor Was Refused Entry ToThe French Academy 3 Times 
Which Stephen King Novel Is Set At The Overlook Hotel? 
An etching tecnique in which a solution of asphalt or resin is used on the plate. It produces prints with rich, gray tones.  
What Dutch master painted 64 self-portraits?
Which Author's Father Was Imprisoned For Debt 
Womens magazine launched by New York in the 70's.
Who wrote 'The Rose Tattoo'?
Where Was El Grecho Born 
A movement of the 1960s and 1970s that emphasized the artistic idea over the art object. It attempted to free art from the confines of the gallery and the pedestal.
A late-nineteenth-century French school of painting. It focused on transitory visual impressions, often painted directly from nature, with an emphasis on the changing effects of light and color. 
Which English Writer Divided His Novels Into 3 Categories, Novels Of Character & Environment, Romances & Fantasies & Novels Of Ingenuity 
Where is the Louvre located
Sherlock Holmes lived at 221b _____ street?
In sculpture, the projection of an image or form from its background. Sculpture formed in this manner is described as high relief or low relief (bas-relief), depending on the degree of projection. In painting or drawing, the apparent projection of parts conveying the illusion of three dimensions. 
Who Wrote The Novels 'The Hunt For Red October'' And 'Clear And Present Danger'' 
A figurative movement that emerged in the United States and Britain in the late 1960s and 1970s. The subject matter, usually everyday scenes, is portrayed in an extremely detailed, exacting style. It is also called superrealism, especially when referring to sculpture.
A painting technique using pigments mixed with egg yolk and water. It produces clear, pure colors.
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: "What in a name? That which we call a rose, by any other name would smell as sweet."
Who created Winnie the Pooh?
Homer wrote this account of the Trojan War.
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for Angela's Ashes? 
Who Is Novelist Helen Fieldings Most Famous Character? 
How Many Tales Are There In Chaucers Canterbury Tales 
Who wrote "Animal Farm"?
Who writes the discworld novels?
An abstract movement in Europe and the United States, begun in the mid-1950s, based on the effect of optical patterns.
Name The Philadelphian Artist Who Introduced The World To (Pop Art) 
Which Algerian Born French Authors Works Included L'Etranger & La Peste 
What were the dolls in the novel 'Valley Of The Dolls'?
Who wrote the 'Dragonriders Of Pern' series?
Which novel by Michael Crichton was (best selling paperback) in 1993 
Who is the author of "Brave New World" ?
What was Lestat's last name?
Who was the human companion of Willow?
Who Penned the Novel 'The Pelican Brief'' That Was Made Into A Film Starring Julia Roberts And Denzil Washington? 
What Type Of Animal Is Rupert The Bears Best Friend Bill? 
Which poet, in his "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard" told us that "Full many a flower is born to blush unseen / And waste its sweetnes on the desert air."?
What Are The Christian Names Of JK Rowling Author Of The Harry Potter Books? 
In The Book The Secret Diary Of Adrian Mole, What Was The Name Of Adrian's Girllfriend 
Who wrote The Canterbury Tales?
Who did Macduff kill?
How Old Was Adrian Mole When He Began Writing His Secret Diary 
What other name does Stephen King write under?
Stephen King's: "Salem's _________".
Which Famous Book Contains The Line 'Once Upon A Time There Was A Little Chimney Sweep And His Name Was Tom' 
What Is The Earliest Known Drawing Medium 
Who Told Stories About Brer Rabbit & Brer Fox 
Where Is The Louvre 
What Is The Most Performed Opera In The UK 
Whose First Collection Of Short Stories Entitled In Our Time Was Published In 1925 
Which Word Created By JK Rowling Gained Entry Into The Oxford English Dictionary In 2003? 
Which British Artist Is Noted For His Numerous Paintings Of Horses 
Who Wrote (Robinsonn Crusoe) 
Author of "The Lighthouse" and "Eminent Victorians"?
In which British national daily newspaper does Rupert The Bear appear? 
Which French Authors Novel Germinal Depicts Life In A Mining Community 
What Was Shakespeare's First Play 
Which novel by Mary Shelley was subtitled 'The Modern Prometheus'?
What Was The Name Of The Author Who Released A Guide To Baby And Child Care In 1946 
How many plays is Shakespeare generally credited with today
What Dance Is Associated With Vienna 
Which Shakespeare play contains the line 'if music be the food of love play on''? 
In Which Book Which Is Also A Film Has The Characters Pod, Arrietty, Homily & Peagreen? 
Who Wrote The Gothic Novel Dracula 
What Irish playwright and author, wrote "The Importance of Being Ernest" and "A Picture of Dorian Grey" among others?
What is the name of Gandalf's horse
He penned the founding novel of the utopian genre, "Utopia."?
Who is karen Blixen better known as?
What book is the film Blade Runner based on ?
Meaning 'fool the eye' in french. In painting, the fine, detailed rendering of objects to convey the illusion that the painted forms are real and three-dimensional.
In what field of study would you find "flying buttresses"?
Who wrote the novel "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde" ?
Who wrote 'The Canterbury Tales'?
A group of English painters formed in 1848. These artists attempted to recapture the style of painting preceding Raphael. They rejected industrialized England and focused on painting from nature, producing detailed, colorful works.
Who Wrote The Tin Tin Stories 
Who Wrote The Gulag Archipelago 
In what field of study would you find "flying buttresses"
What Nationality Was Jospeh Conrad 
Who Wrote The Play (The Mousetrap) 
What Shakespearean play features the line: A plague on both your houses
What is the art of tracing designs and making impressions of them called?
As what did H.G. Wells refer to Adolf Hitler?
Referring to the principles of Greek and Roman art of antiquity with its emphasis on harmony, proportion, balance, and simplicity. In a general sense, it refers to art based on accepted standards of beauty.
Who is the protagonist of Milton's Paradise Lost?
How Many Holes Are There On A Traditional Artists Pallette? 
Who wrote the Belgariad ?
Which Of Jane Austens Novels Was Publsihed Posthumously 
Captain Hook, Tiger Lily, and Tinker Bell are characters in what story?
This girl hid from the Nazis in Amsterdam.
How Is Mrs William Heelis Better Known 
Which Colour Followed Picasso's Blue Period 
What did Jeannie C. Riley describe as "a little Peyton Place"?
This magazine chronicled the Man of Bronze and the Fabulous Five.
Name The Famous Greek Writer Of Fables 
In 2007 Who Topped the Best Sellers Non Fiction List With Born To Be Riled? 
Who wrote the vampire series that featured Lestat as the main character?
The Term (Impressionism) Was First Used Abusively About Which Artist 
What Dr Seuss character steals Christmas?
Which Famous Book Contains The Line 'Mr & Mrs Dursley of number 4 Privet Drive were proud to say that they were perfectly normal' 
Which Character Invariably Misused English Words 
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: "Goodnight, goodnight! Parting is such sweet sorrow, That I should say goodnight till it be morrow."
Stephen King's: "The Dead ________".
Who Wrote About Tarzan 
Paint applied very thickly. It often projects from the picture surface.  
A soft, subdued color; a drawing stick made of ground pigments, chalk, and gum water.  
Which Antipodean Opera Singer Sung At Prince Charles Wedding To Lady Diana Spencer 
Who wrote 'The Great Gatsby'?
Name The 3 Bronte Sisters 
What are arranged in the Japanese art of Ikebana?
Who created 'The Saint'?
Whose Works The Ballad Of Reading Gaol & De Profundis, Were Written From His Experiences In Prison 
The rendering of light and shade in painting; the subtle graduations and marked variations of light and shade for dramatic effect. 
A group of American painters who united out of opposition to academic standards in the early twentieth century. 
Which Celebration Of The Arts In Held In Wales 
In Which Shakespearean Tragedy Does Laertes Appear 
Name the author of his famous and only novel 'Doctor Zhivago', which presents a panoramic view of Russian society at the time of the 1917 Revolution.
What shakespearean play refers to the date of epiphany?
Who Wrote The Novel 'Silence Of The Lambs''? 
How many lines are in a sonnet
A composition made of cut and pasted pieces of materials, sometimes with images added by the artist. 
Who Drew Drawings Of Absurd Mechanical Contrivances 
Douglas Adams is famous for writing what ?
At which railway station does Harry Potter catch the Hogwart's Express at platform 9 and 3 quarters? 
Which Shakespeare play opens with the 3 Witches? 
Who wrote 'The Hobbit'?
This is the choice and arrangement of words and phrases in a literary work. It is the vocabulary that the author, poet or playwright uses to create style and effect in a piece of writing?
Edgar Allen Poe wrote a famous poem about this animal.
Which Author Wrote The Book Black Beauty? 
Who Is The Most Famous Character Ever To Be Created By Helen Fielding 
Who Composed The Ballet (The Nutcracker) 
Who Wrote The Play (Hay Fever) 
What was Picasso's first name? 
Which Welsh Poet Died Of Alcohol Poisoning The Year He Publsihed His Collected Poems 
The Famous Lithograph (The Scream) Was Created By Which Artist 
Who Wrote (Far From The Madding Crowd) 
By What Name Is The Great Italian Sculptor & Artist Buonarroti Better Known 
Who wrote 'Psycho'?
Which American Artist Is Known For A Portarit Of His Mother 
In painting, a thin layer of translucent color.
The fallacy of personifying inanimate objects, often in bad taste?
How many plays is Shakespeare generally credited with today?
Who Wrote The Noddy Stories 
Which Famous Book Begins With The Line 'When shall we three meet again, in thunder, lightening, or in rain' 
Who Wrote Mein Kampf (My Struggle) 
In which book is Scheherazade a story teller ?
Meaning 'fresh' in italian. The technique of painting on moist lime plaster with colors ground in water.  
The study of building design is ____________.
Who is a successful recording artist, talented landscape artist, and author of children's books?
Of Which Famous London Landmark Was Sir Alfred Gilbert The Sculptor 
What Is The Name Of Colin Dexter's Fictional Detective 
The effect of the harmony of color and values in a work. 
The ____ generation included such authors as Jack Kerouac, William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsburg.
Which American Author Wrote The Novel (Roots) 
A painting movement that flourished in France in the 1880s and 1980s in which subject matter was suggested rather than directly presented. It featured decorative, stylized, and evocative images. 
The Royal Opera House in London is home to which Branch of the arts other than Opera? 
This Romantic poet and husband to Mary Shelley drowned in a boating accident.
In what opera would you find Lt. Pinkerton?
Painting in which natural scenery is the subject.  
Which Writer , Archaeologist & Soldier Joined The RAF After The First World War & Changed His Name To Shaw In 1927 
Which Famous Book Begins With The Line 'Marley was dead, to begin with. There was no doubt about that' 
Who wrote the famous series of Discworld books?
What Is The Nationality Of Picasso 
Who wrote 'Valley Of The Dolls'?
This Romantic poet and wife of Mary Shelley drowned in a boating accident?
A movement in European painting in the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries, characterized by violent movement, strong emotion, and dramatic lighting and coloring.
Who had decieved the Lord of Rohan for a number of years
Who Is Pips Benefactor In Dickens's Great Expectations 
An artwork humoously excaggerating the qualities, defects, or pecularities of a person or idea.  
Whose Smile Remained After The Rest Of It Had Vanished 
What School Of Poets Was John Donne Attributed To 
Which Novel Features Perks The Station Porter? 
Which Characters Were The Longest Running In The Comic The Beano 
From which of Shakespeare's plays is this line: "All the world's a stage___"
In The (Rhyme Of The Ancient Mariner) Which Bird Is Shot 
What Creatures Does Captain Ahab Become Obsessed With 
Which US dramatist was once married to Marylin Monroe and penned the plays "Death Of A Salesman" and "The Crucible"?
How many stories did enid blyton publish in 1959?
Where Is The Worlds Largest Art Gallery 
Who wrote "The Wind in the Willows" ?
Which Decorative Style Was popular In The 1920's & 1930's 
Who Wrote `The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy'? 
The study of building design is ________.
Dr. Seuss wrote this book: The Cat in the ______.
Which Outlaw Rode A Horse Called Black Bess 
What Is (Onomatopoeia) 
A European style of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. Its elegant, balanced works revived the order and harmony of ancient Greek and Roman art.  
Where Is The Prado Gallery 
Which British Painter Frequently Uses A Swimming Pool As A Theme 
Which Former Jockey Specialises In Novels Concerning Horse Racing 
A flat board used by a painter to mix and hold colors, traditionally oblong, with a hole for the thumb; also, a range of colors used by a particular painter. 
What was the sequel to Louisa May Alcott's "Little Women"?
An eighteenth-century European style, originating in France. In reaction to the grandeur and massiveness of the baroque, it employed refined, elegant, highly decorative forms. 
What subject did 'Mr. Chips' teach?
What Was The Only Novel To Be Written By Margaret Mitchell 
Who Wrote The Murder Of Roger Ackroyd 
How many books are there in Anne Rice's vampire series?
Where Might You Find The Museum Of Modern Art 
A European movement beginning in France. Gothic sculpture emerged c. 1200, Gothic painting later in the thirteenth century. The artworks are characterized by a linear, graceful, elegant style more naturalistic than that which had existed previously in Europe. 
Who wrote the book "The Origin of Species" ?
Which Tavern Was The Favourite Haunt Of Falstaff In Shakespear's Henry IV 
What Was The Name Of William Wordworths Sister 
In The Canterbury Tales At Which Tavern Do The Story Tellers Assemble 
What DoYou Call A Picture That Is Made Of Various Materials Stuck Together 
His many Romantic odes include Ode to Melancholy and Ode to a Graecian Urn?
An italian movement c.1909-1919. It attempted to integrate the dynamism of the machine age into art.
Who Wrote The Novels Slaughterhouse Five And Breakfast Of Champions 
What was Dante's last name?
Which is the only book written by Margaret Mitchell?
Principally , Of What Nationality Were The Impressionist Painters 
What Was Sherlock Holmes' 7% solution in 'The Sign of Four'?
Who wrote 'Alice In Wonderland'?
What Rank Was Biggles 
This early American statesman and inventor wrote the book, "Fart proudly"?
In Which Gilbert & Sullivan Operetta Does Nakipoo Appear 
Who Wrote Gullivers Travels 
Who Is Responsible For Painting The Mona Lisa 
Reducing or distorting in order to represent three-dimensional space as perceived by the eye, according to the rules of perspective.  
In the Dr Seuss books, which elephant hatched an egg?
Who wrote 'Gone With The Wind'?
Who Painted The Last Supper 
He wrote Ulysses, Giacomo Joyce, Dubliners and Finnegans Wake, among others.
Which School Did Billy Bunter Attend 
Who created 'Horton' the elephant?
Who dubbed Australia 'the lucky country'?
Name The Tibetan Mountain Retreat Featured In (The Lost Horizon) 
Whose Life Was The Subject Of James Boswell's Biography, Published In 1791 
Which Movement Spanned The Period From The 17th Century To The Early 18th 
What play by Shakespeare features the following characters: Cornwall, Gloucester, Regan, and Goneril?
Who Painted The Creation Of Adam 
Stephen King's: "Pet ________".
A movement that began in Britain and the United States in the 1950s. It used the images and techniques of mass media, advertising, and popular culture, often in an ironic way.
Which Poet Preceded Ted Hughes As Poet Laureate 
Which Nobel Prize Winner Wrote (A History Of The English Speaking Peoples) 
Where is the Louvre located?
The two races in HG Well's "The Time Machine" are the child-like Eloi and the subterannean ______?
What Is The Name Given To The Painting Medium Involving Egg Yolks 
Who Wrote Jurassic Park 
Who wrote '1984'?
Which Author Wrote Novels Apon Which The Tv Series (All Creatures Great & Small) Was Based 
What Is The Surname Of Cathy In Wuthering Heights 
Which Author Did Hitler Acclaim As The Phrophet Of Right Wing Authoritarianism 
Which Woman Had More Portarits Painted Of Her Thaan Anyone Else 
Who wrote 'A Christmas Carol'?
What Is The Name Of The 7th And Final Harry Potter Book 
What other name does Stephen King write under
Who Wrote The Barsetshire Novels? 
Where Would You Find The Elgin Marbles 
Who Is Noted For His (Nonsense Verse) 
In a general sense, refers to objective representation. More specifically, a nineteenth century movement, especially in France, that rejected idealized academic styles in favor of everyday subjects. 
What was the name of Mother Goose's son?
Who Was William Shakespear's Wife 
In 'Romeo and Juliet', who says 'make the bridal bed in that dim monument where Tybalt lies?
Whose Autobiography Was Entitled (Dear Me) 
What was sherlock holmes most famous novel?
A large painting or decoration done on a wall.  
Who wrote "Ender's Game" ?
What did Jeannie C. Riley describe as "a little Peyton Place"
Who wrote the threepenny opera?
Who wrote the novels 'About A Boy'', 'How To Be Good'' and 'High Fidelity''? 
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: "To be or not to be?"
The book "Wamyouruijoshou" was the first to use what word ?
Who wrote the epic poems, the Iliad and the Odyssey?
Who wrote 'The Birds'?
Who Wrote The Novel Jaws, That Was Later Turned Into A Blockbuster Movie By Steven Spielburg 
What is the second best-selling book of all time ?
Which Character Is The Most Famous Creation Of James Matthew Barrie? 
What publication was subtitled The What's New Magazine?
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: To be or not to
Which Gallery Has Exhibitions In London & St Ives, Cornwall 
Which Artists Name Literally Means (Little Barrel) 
Who wrote "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner?"
Who Wrote (Brave New World) 
From which Shakespeare play is this line taken: "Double, double ___ "
A style, c. 1520-1600, that arose in reaction to the harmony and proportion of the High Renaissance. It featured elongated, contorted poses, crowded canvases, and harsh lighting and coloring.
In one of Donald Horne's novels, which was 'the lucky country'?
Who Painted The Mona Lisa 
Who Wrote The Novel Lady Chatterly's Lover 
Which English Author Created Horatio Hornblower 
Tilly Trotter, Hannah Massey And Maggie Rowan Are All Characters Created By Which Novelist? 
A European movement of the late eighteenth to mid-nineteenth century. In reaction to neoclassicism, it focused on emotion over reason, and on spontaneous expression. 
What Did Winston Encounter In Room 101 
The technique of producing printed designs through various methods of incising on wood or metal blocks, which are then inked and printed. 
In sculpture, the building up of form using a soft medium such as clay or wax, as distinguished from carving. In painting and drawing, using color and lighting variations to produce a three-dimensional effect.  
Which member of the Monty Python Team wrote children's books about 'Erik The Viking''? 
What Did A E Housemans Initials Stand For 
What Colour Is The Art and Literature Wedge In (Trivial Pursuit)? 
The Hardy Boys and ______?
In HG Wells "The Time Machine," two races of the future are the child-like Eloi, and the underground monsters called the ____?
Group of American artists from 1908 to 1918. Their work featured scenes of urban realism.
With What Art Movement Was (Salvador Dali) Associated 
Which Science Fiction Story Centres Around Alien Children In A Village 
Eliza Doolittle Appears In Which Play 
What was the name of Mother Goose's son
Works of a culturally homogenous people without formal training, generally according to regional traditions and involving crafts.
Refers to art that uses emphasis and distortion to communicate emotion. More specifically, it refers to early twentieth-century northern European art, especially in Germany c. 1905-23. 
Which 2 Brothers Wrote Fairy Sttories In Germany In The 19th Century 
Where Would You Find Poets Corner 
"The Diary of Anne Frank" was first published in English under what title?
A painting or drawing executed in a single color.  
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?
Who wrote 'A Tale Of Two Cities'?
Who painted 'Irises'?
Which Shakesperian play features the line "Now is the winter of our discontent"?
A technique of engraving, using a sharp-pointed needle, that produces a furrowed edge resulting in a print with soft, velvety lines.  
Who Was The First Person To Be Buried At Poets Corner 
How many lines are in a sonnet?
Which Tennesee Williams play is about a Sicilian-American woman?
Artwork, usually paintings, characterized by a simplified style, nonscientific perspective, and bold colors. The artists are generally not professionally trained. 
What famous character did Edgar Rice Burroughs create?
From whom did Bilbo obtain The Ring
In 1526 Hans Holbein Became The Officiaal Portrait Painter Of Which English King 
Who wrote "Ten Little Indians?"
Which Character Featured In Jules Verne's (Around The World In 80 Days) 
Who did author Leslie Charteris create?
Which Author Wrote To Books The Shining And Pet Sematary 
How Is Jack Dawkins Otherwise Known As In A Dickens Novel? 
In 'A Christmas Carol', what was the name of the miser?
Who created 'Maudie Frickett'?
Meaning 'rebirth' in french. Refers to Europe c. 1400-1600. The style began in Italy and stressed the forms of classical antiquity, a realistic representation of space based on scientific perspective, and secular subjects.
Which Literary Character Had A Dog Called Bulls Eye? 
Which Author Penned The Disc- World Series Of Sci-Fi Novels? 
A print made by carving on a wood block, which is then inked and printed.
On a represented form, a point of most intense light.  
What Colour Is Art & Literature In The Standard Edition Of 'Trivial Pursuit''? 
Who Designed The Album Sleeve For The Rolling Stones LP (Sticky Fingers) 
Name the Shakespeare play from this ultra short plot summary: Urged on by his wife, a man murders his king in order to take his place.
A technique in abstract painting developed in the 1950s. It focuses on the lyrical effects of large areas of color, often poured or stained onto the canvas.
Design style prevalent during the 1920s and 1930s, characterized by a sleek use of straight lines and slender forms.
Who Said When A Man Is Tired Of London He Is Tired Of Life 
Who Painted The Blue Boy 
Which Author Described World War One As The War To End All Wars? 
Who was Winnie the Pooh's neighbour?
The visual and tactile quality of a work based on the particular way the materials are handled; also, the distribution of tones or shades of a single color.
Which Famous Book Contains The Line 'It was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom' 
Who Wrote (Gone With The Wind) 
Ground chalk or plaster mixed with glue, used as a base coat for tempera and oil painting.  
For Which Novel Was Boris Pasternak Awarded The 1958 Nobel Prize , An Award He Declined 
Faulkner penned this book with 4 distinctive sections: the Benjy section, Quentin's section, Jason and then Dilsey's sections.
Who Created The Character Adrian Mole 
Who Kills Nancy In Dickens Novel Oliver Twist 
Which Famous Book Begins With The Line 'Not long ago, there lived in London a young married couple of Dalmatian dogs named Pongo and Misses Pongo' 
Which Author Wrote The 'Just So Stories''? 
What is the name of Hamlet's tragic admirer?
The ____ ____ school of poetry includes poets such as Frank O'Hara, John Ashbery and Kenneth Koch
Gandalf's elven name.
A method of painting developed by Seurat and Signac in the 1880s. It used dabs of pure color that were intended to mix in the eyes of viewers rather than on the canvas. It is also called divisionism or neoimpressionism.
What word is Isaac Asimov famous for coining ?
Who wrote three books under the title "Das Kapital" ?
Who wrote the 'Father Brown' crime stories?
Who wrote "The count of Monte-Christo"?
According To "The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy" what number is the answer to everything?
What Shakespearean play features the line: A plague on both your houses?
Which Shakespearean Play Is Set In The Forest Of Arden 
Which US clarinetist players real name was Arthur Jacob Shaw? 
A representation of a human or an animal form.  
In 'Romeo and Juliet', who gave a long monologue about Queen Mab?
Stephen King's: " Pet ________".
In Which Shakespearean Play Would You Find The Clown Costard 
In What book would you find a Hefalump?
Who said 'But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks'?
"Now is the winter of our discontent" is a line from which Shakespearian play?
A decorative art movement that emerged in the late nineteenth century.  Characterized by dense assymmetrical ornamentation in sinuos forms, it is often symbolic and of an erotic nature. 
Who wrote the 'Myth' series?
A movement of the 1920s and 1930s that began in France. It explored the unconscious, often using images from dreams. It used spontaneous techniques and featured unexpected juxtapositions of objects. 
Who wrote 'The Female Eunuch'?
A russian abstract movement begun in the early twentieth century. It employs an analytic vision based on fragmentation and multiple viewpoints.
Which St Louis Born Novelist & Poet Became A British Subject In 1927 
What publication was subtitled The What's New Magazine
Which Gilbert and Sullivan Opera is about the Emperor of Japan? 
Which Em Forster Novel Features The Schlegal Sisters 
Who wrote the epic poem Odyssey ?
Which Of The Bronte Sisters Married The Reverend A B Nicholls In 1854 
Which Famous Book Begins With The Line 'On January 6, 1482, the people of Paris were awakened by the tumultuous clanging of all the bells in the city' 
In sculpting, the cutting of a form from a solid, hard material such as stone or wood, in contrast to the technique of modeling.  
Who wrote 'Rendezvous with Rama'?
Author of such works as Gravity's Rainbow, V, The Crying of Lot 49 and most recently, Mason & Dixon?
Who wrote 1984 ?
The representation of inanimate objects in painting, drawing or photography. 
Who Painted Flatford Mill 
Which Famous Book Contains The Line 'It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife' 
In 'A Christmas Carol', how many ghosts visited Scrooge?
In What Science Fiction Novel Do Duke Leto Atreidea & The Harkonnens Feature 
From the french word 'fauve', meaning 'wild beast'. A style adopted by artists associated with Matisse, c. 1905-1908. They painted in a spontaneous manner, using bold colors.
What Was Author George Elliots Real Name 
Who Wrote The Novel Emma 
In Which Novels Does Bilbo Baggins Appear 
In painting, a work made of several panels or scenes joined together. A diptych has two panels; a triptych, three. 
In Which Novel Was It The Job Of The (Fireman) To Burn Books 
A movement in American painting and sculpture that originated in the late 1950s. It emphasized pure, reduced forms and strict, systematic compositions. 
Which Novel Deals With The Events Of One Day In Dublin In June 1904 
Spanish modernist and cubist Pablo _____
Which Famous Book Begins With The Line 'The mole had been working very hard all the morning, spring-cleaning his little home' 
A single print made from a metal or glass plate on which an image has been represented in paint, ink, etc.  
The play "Our Town" is set where?
What story features flopsy, mopsy and cottontail?
Who Wrote The Adventures Of Huckleberry Finn 
In 'Romeo and Juliet', who said 'I have a faint cold, fear thrills through my veins'?
Who wrote 'Weird Harold and Fat Albert'?
In Which City Will You Find The Largest Opera House In The World 
What's Penthouse's sister publication for women?
A movement, c. 1915-23, that rejected accepted aesthetic standards. It aimed to create antiart and nonart, often employing a sense of the absurd.
In Which City Is Leonardo Da Vinnci's (Last Supper) Displayed 
Which publishing company was founded in London in 1935 by Allen Lane? 
Who's last words were 'Thus with a kiss I die'?
A printing process in which ink impressions are taken from a flat stone or metal plate prepared with a greasy substance, such as an oily crayon.   
Who wrote the Discworld series ?
Which Author Wrote The Spy That Came In From The Cold 
Who Wrote The Opera (The Flying Dutchman) 
What Was The Title Of The First Ever James Bond Novel 
What Is The Name Of The Bird In The Peanuts Strip 
What Dutch master painted 64 self_portraits
In 'Alice In Wonderland', who never stopped sobbing?
Which American Author Wrote Jaws 
Which book featured the miser Scrooge?
This subject is covered in the magazine "Bondage" (two words)
Whose ghost appears at the dinner table in 'Macbeth'?
Which Famous Book Contains The Line 'In A Hole In The Ground There Lived A' 
What were the two cities in 'A Tale Of Two Cities'?
Frodo is chosen to deliver The Ring into the heart of what
Movement in painting, originating in New York City in the 1940s. It emphasized spontaneous personal expression, freedom from accepted artistic values, surface quallities of paint, and the act of painting itself.  
Which Painter Reputedly Cut Of His Own Ear 
Who wrote 'little lamb, who made thee'?
What was Michelangelo's first name? 
What Were The Tree Like Creatures In The Lord Of The Rings Called 
What trilogy did J.R.R. Tolkien write ?
Bob Kane created who?
Which Painter Is Noted For His Works Depicting The Moulin Rouge 
A method of producing images or letters from sheets of cardboard, metal, or other materials from which forms have been cut away.  
To What Name Was The Hall Of Arts & Sciences Changed 
Edgar Allen Poe wrote a famous poem about his animal.
This magazine features departments "Picks & Pans" and "Chatter"
What Was The Famous Novel Written In Gaol, By John Bunyan 
Which Novel Was Originally Going To Be Titled Elinor And Marianne? 
Who wrote the long religious epic, "Paradise Lost"?
In 'Romeo and Juliet', who says 'what must be must be'?
Captain Hook, Tiger Lily, and Tinker Bell are characters in what story
Who Composed The Ballet (Romeo & Juliet) 
Which is the largest museum in the world?
In which John Steinbeck story features the slow-witted Lennie and his friend George? 
What is an Icelandic epic called?
Who Composed The Opera (Oedipus Rex) 
In Which Book Would You Find The Characters Desinov & Dolokhov 
Who wrote the 'Noddy' books?
Who Wrote (Old Possums Book Of Practical Cats) 
Who wrote the book (Brave New World) 
H.G. Wells novel where Earth is invaded by Martians.
What series has Robert Jordan written ?
A European style developed in France in the late eleventh century. Its sculpture is ornamental, stylized and complex. 
