Name the actor who played the leading role in "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly".
Who took dictation from Perry Mason?
Where are Rocket J. Squirel and Bullwinkle Moose from
Charles Boyer inspired a cartoon skunk. Who?
What job was Sting before he was a rock star?
Who hosted the 1997 Grammy Awards?
Who portrayed Han Solo in "Star Wars"?
What was John Wayne's real name?
Who sang 'That's Alright Mama'?
What song by Don McLean talks about the day Buddy Holly died?
Who played George Costanza on 'Seinfeld'?
What was the name of the restaurant the TV series "Happy Days"?
Who played Charlie in Charlies Angels?
Who sang 'Beat It'?
Who invented the synthesiser ?
What was Don Rickles' nickname?
Besides the Stones, which group had the longest touring career until the founder's death in 1995?
Who killed Kenny?
In 1987, who released her second album 'Solitude Standing'?
Singer Paula ______?
The eldest sister in the TV Series Charmed, is played by who?
Who is Snoopy's arch enemy?
Who directed the classic thriller 'The Birds'?
Where does Yogi Bear Live?
In the film 'American Hot Wax', who did Jay Leno play?
What is the longest running musical in Broadway history?
Which comic strip was banned from "Stars and Stripes"?
In the 'Nightmare On Elm Street' films, who played Freddy Krueger?
Who collaborated with John Lennon on 'Whatever Gets You Through The Night'?
Where did Clark Kent attend college?
What is the address of The Munsters?
For which ad campaign was the line 'I can't believe I ate the whole thing' used?
Which films are about the Corleone family?
Tinky winky, Dipsy LaLa and Po are know as what?
What famous animal character called "Skull Island" home?
How many flats are in the key of B flat major?
When danger appeared, Quick Draw McGraw became which super hero?
An alien creature in a funny hat has opposed both Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.  Where is he from?
Forrest ____ liked shrimp.
This was the first cartoon talking picture.
When danger appeared, Quick Draw McGraw became which super hero
What film was the last featuring Mel Blanc's voice?
What film starred Helen Hunt, Cary Elwes and Bill Paxton?
In the TV series 'The Fall Guy', who did Lee Majors play?
Tess Trueheart married which plainclothes detective
Who founded 'Live Aid' and 'Band Aid'?
Who is Scooby Doo's nephew??
What hardcore rock group sings, 'Blind' and 'Clown'?
What city do Batman and Robin patrol?
What did Dorothy's house land on in 'The Wizard Of Oz'?
Who is the lead singer of the Rolling Stones?
Who is Gordon Sumner better known as?
Who played Clyde to Faye Dunaway's Bonnie?
Name the band - songs include "Light My Fire, Love Her Madly"?
Hanna_Barbera rose to fame by creating what duo for MGM
Who's first release was 'Talking Heads 77'?
What is Kermit D Frog's girlfriend's name?
After who was Deana Carter named?
What is Tina Turner's real name?
His films include: Spartacus, The Vikings, and Ulysses.
What comic strip character is Beetle Bailey's sister?
What is Blondie's maiden name
Who released a chart-busting album in 1976 which featured 'The Lido Shuffle'?
What was Lucy's maiden name on 'I Love Lucy'?
What were Wilma Flintstone and Betty Rubble's maiden names?
What was the name of Ashley Wilkes' plantation in "Gone With the Wind"?
Who says, "Th_th_th_that's all folks!"
In what did someone squish her hands to make the sound of e.t walking?
Who played Steve Erkel in 'Family Matters'?
What is the name of the film in which Steven Segal's character dies?
Who wrote the opera 'The Giant'?
Who wrote the oprea 'La Traviata'?
Band: Elvis Costello and the ___________ ?
What country singer/songwriter (and sometimes actor) is known as "the country outlaw"?
This movie starring Marlon Brando won the best picture award in 1972.
_____ in the name of love?
When not fighting crime, what did Underdog do for a living?
In what city does Fat Albert live
Who is Tippi Hedren's daughter?
In which opera does Leporello entertain a vengeful jilted lover?
Name Li'l Abner's favorite Indian drink.
Which of Paul Simon's musical characters was told to hop on the bus?
Who said 'you'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap'?
Name the band - songs include "Heart of Glass, The Tide is High"?
Who played Dr. Frankenfurter in the pop-culture film 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What is the drummer's name in 'The Muppet Show'?
In the TV series 'Seinfeld', who does Michael Richards play?
What is a Hurdy-Gurdy?
Name the band - songs include "Forgiven Not Forgotten, Runaway"?
Group of heroes led by Dick Grayson
Which actor said, "Love means never having to say you're sorry"?
This was the sequel to "The Empire Strikes Back".
The Hard Rock Cafe is named after a song by what band?
In the TV series 'Seinfeld', who plays Kramer?
Who sang with 'The Dakotas'?
This film starring Richard Beymer and Natalie Wood won the best picture Oscar for 1961.
What is the name of the Family Circus's dog
Formerly with Spencer Davis, he went on to form Traffic with Dave Mason. He is?
In the Gene Pitney how many hours was it from Tulsa?
What is tattooed on Glen Campbell's arm?
Fat Albert and friends was created by ______ ?
Who sings and plays the theme song for the TV show 'Frasier'?
Who played Matt Helm in the movies?
In which London recording studios did The Beatles record the majority of their work?
Who is married to Eddie Van Halen?
Who married Mutt Lange?
At the end of "Planet of the Apes" what protruded from the rocks?
Turn, Side and Why does it always rain on me are all songs from what UK band?
What was the Oscar-winning theme song from "Breakfast at Tiffany's"?
John Travolta, Samuel Jackson, Uma Thurman starred in which 1994 Quentin Tarantino film?
What was Keanu Reeves' computer world alias in 'The Matrix'?
Who sang 'Good Morning To You?
Who plays the character of the only escapee from Alcatraz in the movie "The Rock"?
Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy star in this 1982 film.
What is the name of the whale that swallowed Pinocchio.
Who played Dr. Kildare?
What entertainer is allowing one of his songs to be used in a government campaign to beat drunk driving?
An Andy Panda cartoon gave birth to a famous, cantankerous bird. Name him.
Film Title: The Last Days of _________. (a city)
Which 1960's group sang a song inspired by 'Alice In Wonderland'?
Who produced 'Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band'?
Famous Phrases: Who knows The ______.
What was the name of Speed Racer's car?
White Room' was a hit off which Eric Clapton album?
What is Blondie's maiden name?
Mickey Mouse is known as what in Italy?
An adventurous penguin named Tennessee Tuxedo had a sidekick named _______?
In 1962 Chubby Checker had a hit with a pop song and novelty dance that remains famous today. What was that dance?
What is Kenny G's real surname?
In the film 'The Day Of The Jackal', who played the Jackal?
Where does Gonzo from the Muppet Show come from?
Which character sang, "When you wish upon a star.." in Disney's "Pinocchio"?
Name the apartments the Jetson's live in.
Kelsey Grammer sings and plays the theme song for which TV show?
As what is Merle Haggard also known as?
Name Alvin & Simon's brother was ________
Actor: ________ Hackman.
In the film 'Pretty Woman', for who was Goldie Hawn the body double?
Who did Pat Sajak play on the soapie 'Days Of Our Lives'?
Film Title: An Officer and a(n) _________.
What film marked James Cagney's return to the screen after 20 years?
Name the town that Fred, Wilma, Barney, and Betty lived in.
Who says, "Th-th-th-that's all folks!"
What term is used for the speed at which a piece of music is played ?
Who played the lead in the movie "The Mask"?
Who sang 'Mull of Kintyre'?
What film did John Wayne win his only Oscar for?
Porky Pig had a girlfriend named ________.
Who sang Puff The Magic Dragon?
Who patrols Gotham City?
Who sang the song "Pretty Woman?"
This female artist enjoyed sucess on both popular and country & western stations with such tunes as "Let Me Be There" and "Have You Never Been Mellow."
Who played the first James Bond?
How does Wonder Woman control her invisible airplane?
Who was the original voice of Mickey Mouse
Where did George of the Jungle live?
What is Dennis the Menace's last name?
The film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" takes place in which dynasty (- the ' )
Before Olive Oil met Popeye she was engaged to someone. Who was he
Who is lead guitarist for Guns'n'Roses?
Who was the only songwriter to win the Eurovision Song Contest twice?
The maiden names of which two cartoon characters are Slaghoople and Mcbricker?
What was the first cartoon to feature sound?
Where does Yogi Bear Live
The song "Matchmaker, Matchmaker" came from which musical play?
Which 1980's Pink Floyd album was made into a film that starred Bob Geldof, and featured the artwork of cartoonist Gerald Scarfe?
What was used for blood in the film 'psycho'?
Who played Hopalong Cassidy?
A graphical representation of the guitar fingerboard, used to teach someone to play a guitar without actually learning how to read musical notes.?
What famous singer was known to give automobiles to complete strangers?
Who played the title role in the 'Mad Max' series of films?
What came out of Milton's head
Benny and Cecil were at odds with whom?
Who sang 'Bad Case Of Loving You'?
Where do Rocky and Bullwinkle play football?
What was the name of the two space shuttles in 'Armegeddon'?
Who was the frontman of Nirvana?
In 1975 Jack Nicholson won the best actor Oscar for his role in this film.
Name the band - songs include "Get Down & Get With It, Mama We're All Crazy Now"?
Who recorded the 1969 hit "Space Oddity"?
Who directed the film 'Ordinary People'?
Who played the title role in the 1978 version of 'Superman'?
What was Marilyn Monroe's given name at birth?
Who began his professional career with Black Sabbath?
Who was the sexy star of Barberella?
Actor: __________ Savalas.
What is the official birthplace of country music?
Who wrote the song 'Do They Know It's Christmas' with Midge Ure?
What instrument does Woody Allen play?
In the film 'Home Alone', who played the baddies?
Name Dennis the Menace's next door neighbors.
To gradually decrease in volume?
Who are the lead singers of the band "Full Metal Racquets"?
He wrote the operas "The Magic Flute" and "The Marriage of Figaro"
In 'La Traviata', who sings 'Sempre Libera'?
What do the initials B.B. stand for in B.B. King's name?
Name the musical film named after a state.
Which magician did Lothar assist?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found?
What was Ben Stiller's character called in 'Mystery Men'?
What is the name of Yogi Bear's best freind
Who sang 'Rescue Me'?
What was Betty Grable's nickname?
Name the band - songs include "Psycho Killer, Road To Nowhere"?
Name Alley Oop's girl friend.
French impressionist Claude _______
In the TV sitcom 'Married With Children', what is the dog's name?
Who was the first voice of Mickey Mouse?
Where does young Anakin Skywalker come from?
Name Cathy's on again/off again boy friend?
Where do Rocky and Bullwinkle play football
Who was Dick Dastardley's pet
Which famous male actor made his name in 'I Dream Of Jeannie'?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations?
Who sang 'In The Air Tonight'?
Which of Beethoven's symphonies was the legendary "Incomplete"?
Bugs always finds himself at the wrong end of a gun, usually toted by either Elmer Fudd or who
Name the band - songs include "Let's Stick Together, The Price of Love"?
What is the name given to the type of West Indian music made famous by artists such as Bob Marley and Peter Tosh?
In the film 'American Hot Wax', who played the 'Mookie'?
A set of graduated steel bars set in a frame and hit with a hammer, used in the orchestra.
What did George Harrison discover on the Witwatersrand?
For whom did Colonel Tom Parker act as manager?
Tess Trueheart married which plainclothes detective?
What is the name of Pearce Brosnan's first James Bond film?
Who did the voices of Bugs Bunny, Sylvester and Tweety Pie?
What does the term 'DJ' mean?
What is Vanilla Ice's real name?
Name the dog in the Yankee Doodle cartoons.
Before Olive Oil met Popeye she was engaged to someone.  Who was he?
How many strings are there on a bass guitar?
Who is Sally Brown's sweet baboo?
Who wrote the opera 'norma'?
In the film "Bright Eyes", Shirley Temple sang about this boat.
Who is Reginald Dwight known as?
She starred in the 1952 film, "Niagara".
Who does the voice for Yoda in the Star Wars films?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips?
Who starred in the film 'The Man With Two Brains'?
Which planet was the "Planet of the Apes"?
What was Eric Claptons Nick Name?
What two words are normally at the end of most movies?
What was the name given to the popular genre of rock that arose in the Pacific Northwest (Seattle) in the early 1990s.
This was the Beatle's first film.
What do the initials of the band NIN stand for?
Which Beatle wrote The Octopus's song?
Who wrote the opera 'Tosca'?
Who was always trying to get rent from Andy Capp?
Which band included rock greats Roy Orbison, Tom Petty, George Harrison, and Bob Dylan?
What movie starred Nicholas Cage and John Travolta, one as a police officer, the other as a villain?
Who was the oldest member of The Beatles?
What is Smokey Stover's job
About which family are the Godfather films?
Current leader of Justice League America
What is the name of Duddley Do-Right's horse?
The two rival gangs in "West Side Story" were the Sharks and the _________.
What is the title of the 1996 sequel to "Terms of Endearment"?
Who was Daisy the dog's owners
Who recorded 'A Boy Named Sue'?
What was the name of George of the Jungle's pet elephant?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo
Name the band - songs include "Baby I Don't Care, I Want Your Love"?
Which actor played the role of Chewbacca in the Star Wars trilogy?
Peter Sellers is best known for his role as Inspector _________.
Which Elton John song was re-recorded as a requiem for Lady Diana Spencer?
Who was Barney Rubble's best friend?
Who did a version of 'One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer' on his 1977 debut album?
This 1974 film started a run of nostalgia culminating in the TV series "Happy Days".
From what platform does the 'Chattanooga Choo Choo' leave Pennsylvania station?
He was the voice of draco the dragon in the movie Dragonheart.
What album holds the world record for copies sold?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM?
Who played the president of the U.S in 'Air Force One'?
What was the name of Luke's strange little advisor in "The Empire Strikes Back"?
Actor: _______ Borgnine.
Who was the Hulk's first friend?
How many semitones are there in an octave?
Composer of the Brandenburg Concerti: J.S. ____
What TV series from 1970-1974 starred Susan Dey?
Who sings "Imitation Of Life"?
Secret Identities: Bruce Wayne
He played Superman in the 1978 movie version.
Who appeared in 'St. Elmo's Fire', 'The Scarlett Letter' and 'Striptease'?
What type of plant does Broom Hilda sell
Who was the Hulk's first friend
Who played the murder victim in the original version of 'Psycho'?
Which was the first 'Indiana Jones' film?
Name Donald Duck's girlfriend
Secret Identities: Jimmy Olson
Who directed 'The Shining'?
Who played the 'Wicked Witch of the West' in "The Wizard of Oz"
Who drew the comic 'The Maxx'?
Sung by Robert Palmer, '______ to love'?
Who played the Agent james Bond in the 1966 film 'Casino Royale'?
This electronic instrument's creator was surnamed Moog, and his models are worth a fortune! Other brands include Roland, Korg, and Casio.
Who was the director of 'Terminator' and 'Titanic'?
What was Sir Alec Guinness's role in "Star Wars"?
What is Dennis the Menace's last name
Who was John Wayne's musical co-star in true grit?
She played the lead role in "Coal Miner's Daughter".
What was painted on Peter Fonda's helmet motorcycle helmet in 'Easy Rider'?
Which formber Beatle released the hit single "My Sweet Lord"?
What other well known singer shares the same birthday as Elvis Presley (Jan 8)?
The Who's rock musical stars Elton John.  It's called ________.
Who is Scooby Doo's son
In 'The Shining' what was the child's imaginary friend's name (the one who told him things that were going to happen)?
On 'The Lucy Show', who played Vivian Bagley?
An arrangement for five performers is called a:
Who sang 'You Can Call Me Al'?
Who played the lead in the movie "Erin Brokovich"?
What does the Italian term "poco a poco" mean?
What actress's real name was Frances Gumm?
What expression did Clark Kent's newspaper boss like to use?
Who played the lead in the movie "The Matrix"?
What did TVs IMF stand for?
Who is Donald Duck's uncle?
What is the Pink panter in the Pink Pather film?
What was the original name Charles Schultz had for Peanuts
What is the name of the rabbit in the film, "Bambi"?
What did Peppermint Patty always call Charlie Brown?
What detective duo was featured in Mystery at Devil's Paw?
Film Title: Fahrenheit ________. (a number)
Who sang 'Islands In The Stream' with Kenny Rogers?
Who play Captian Jean-Luc Picard in Star Trek the Next Generation?
Who wanted 'a lover with a slow hand'?
What is the destination of the plane at the end of the film "Casablanca"?
R. Kelly sings: 'If I can see it then I can do it, if I just believe it, there's nothing to it'. What's the song title?
Whose theme song was Back In The Saddle Again?
Who portrayed Moses in "The Ten Commandments"?
What film starred Rosie O'Donnell, Rita Wilson and Meg Ryan?
Richard Strauss' majestic overture "Also Sprach Zarathustra" was the theme music for which Stanley Kubrick film?
This term means to play smoothly?
How many members are in the 'fairfield four'?
What film is generally considered the worst film ever made?
What is a cello's full name?
What song did Aretha Franklin sing in "The Blues Brothers"?
Name the band - songs include "Doctor Doctor, Hold Me Now, Don't Mess With Dr Dream"?
Who sang 'All Right Now'?
Country singer Vince ____?
What is Hawkeye's full name in M.A.S.H.?
How many symphonies did Beethoven complete?
What is Peter Parker's secret identity?
Before being married to Pamela Anderson what other famous actress was Tommy Lee married to?
Who is the autor of the song 'Blue Suede Shoes'?
Who was always trying to get rent from Andy Capp
Who is the fastest mouse in all of Mexico?
An adventurous penguin named Tennessee Tuxedo had a sidekick named _______
What was Citizen Kane's dying word?
Secret Identities: Maggie Sawyer
Who is the male lead in the "Naked Gun" movies?
He directed "The Godfather".
Who is Steveland Morris better known as?
In the 1996 version of "Romeo and Juliet", who played Juliet?
Who did the music for the 1970's film 'Saturday Night Fever'?
Who is the only singer to have no.1 hits in the 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's?
Who was Chief Marshall of the Mickey Mouse Club?
What famous classical composer continued to compose great music after becoming deaf?
His films include: Giant, Written on the Wind, and A Farewell to Arms.
What was Kevin Bacon's first big hit?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in "Mary Poppins"?
Who is the voice of Darth Vadar?
In what year did both Peanuts and Beetle Bailey first appear
On 'Dragnet', who played officer Bill Gannon?
Who wanted 'a new drug'?
What is Hulk Hogan's real name?
What TV network features programming just for children?
Who played Scarlette O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind"?
Casper the Friendly Ghost frolicked with which witch
Rolling Stones first hit was written by what group?
What city is also known as Music City, U.S.A.?
Who played 'The Scorpion King' in the recent movie 'The Mummy Returns'?
Name the late actor who played Obi-Wan Kenobi in Star Wars?
Who sang 'We've only just begun'?
Tippi Hedren is best known for her lead role in which film?
What is the sequel to the film 'Every Which Way But Loose'?
What actor appeared in all three of these films, Straw Dogs, Midnight Cowboy, and The Graduate?
In which film did Jay Leno play 'Mookie'?
What are the separators on a guitar neck called?
When not fighting crime, what did Underdog do for a living
Secret Identities: Kirk Morrison
Who were the rivals of the T-Birds in the movie "Grease"?
What type of plant does Broom Hilda sell?
What was Eddie Murphy's character name in 'Beverley Hills Cop'?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips
Who is Sally Brown's sweet baboo
What's the name of the Mummy in the film "The Mummy"?
Who starred in the film version of 'To Kill A Mockingbird'?
Who were Lucy and Ricky's next door neighbours and best friends?
Who is married to Valerie Bertanelli?
What's the name of B.B. King's guitar?
What does Steven Spielberg try to include in every film he makes, claiming it is for luck?
In 1968, who released 'Carnival of life' and 'Recital'?
What Don Mclean song laments the day Buddy Holly died?
What night club did Ricky work at on 'I Love Lucy'?
Who is Warren Beatty's sister?
Who was Fred Flinstone's best friend?
Who is Robert van Winkle?
What song did Elton John and George Michael sing as a duet?
Who was the black assistant of Mandrake the Magician?
Who was C3PO's sidekick in "Star Wars"?
What is the name of Duddley Do_Right's horse
Who played the lead in the movie "Snatch"?
What was the first CD pressed in the USA?
Who directed the movie "Blade Runner"?
Who sang 'Any Way You Want Me'?
Casper the Friendly Ghost frolicked with which witch?
What did Dr. David Banner become when he got angry?
Who is the lead singer of 'The Doors'?
He was known as the "Elephant Man".
Porky Pig had a girlfriend named _______.
Who did Larry Hagman portray in the TV series 'Dallas'?
Who released the double album 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road' in 1973?
Who played Eddie in the pop-culture film 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What did Sheryl Crow do before she became a singer?
Of the new Supermen, this one was a villain
In what film did Whoopi Goldberg make her screen debut?
"Joy to the World" was a hit in 1971 for what band with three lead vocalists?
The theme tune for 'Monty Python's Flying Circus' was written by which composer?
Beethoven's Sixth Symphony shares it's popular name with a method of animal farming. What is it?
What was Keanu Reeves' first big film?
Name Donald Duck's girlfriend?
Charles Boyer inspired a cartoon skunk. Who
What Procol Harem tune was based on the Bach cantata "Sleepers Awake"?
Which British group holds the record for the album to remain in the US Billboard charts for the longest time?
Who played Bobby Ewing in the TV series 'Dallas'?
Who played the mayor of the munchkins in 'The Wizard of Oz'?
What is Super Chicken's partners name?
What song was originally 'Good Morning To You' before the words were changed and it was published in 1935?
Who sang 'Beauty and the Beast'?
Who released 'Tuesday Night Music Club' in 1993?
Who was Dr. Zhivago's great love?
Who 'imagined' a better world?
This is a classic film about a huge gorilla.
Where did Clark Kent attend college
In 1981, who won song of the year with 'Sailing'?
Who was the original voice of Mickey Mouse?
Who directed the Movie 'Psycho' from Robert Bloch?
What are the names of Donald Duck's nephews?
Secret Identities: Lyta Trevor
What was the last movie of the late Brandon Lee?
Randy Travis said his love was 'deeper than the ______'?
What is the mother's name in Family Circus
Who had, next to Samuel Jackson, a leading roll in 'Unbreakable'?
What was "Rocky's" last name?
Who directed citizen kane?
Who recorded the lengthy song: "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" in 1969?
Hanna-Barbera rose to fame by creating what duo for MGM?
What is the name of the Family Circus's dog?
Who wrote the Nutcracker Suite ?
Who released 'Time, Love and Tenderness' in 1981?
What was the first James Bond Film?
What came out of Milton's head?
When Tweety exclaimed, "I thought I saw a putty tat!", who did he see
In the opera 'Don Giovanni', what was Leporello?
In the children's tv series 'Sesame Street', what two characters were roomates?
What band recorded the 1978 hit album: "Briefcase Full of Blues"?
In this 1968 film the husband of an unsuspecting young wife becomes involved with a witch's coven.
Name the Disney cartoon in which the character "Belle" appears.
Who produced, directed and starred in "Citizen Kane"?
What kind of eyes did the girl in "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds" have?
He directed the movie E.T.
In which film did Henry Fonda play a fallen priest?
What Magician walked through the great wall of china?
Who played "Robin" to Val Kilmer's "Batman"?
What was Elvis Presley's wife's name?
Film Title: ______ (a number) Leagues Under the Sea.
In which Verdi opera does Violetta sing 'Sempre Libera'?
Who played in the film 'Ragtime' after 20 years offscreen?
Who played the lead in the movie "Braveheart"?
What musical instrument did Jack Benny play?
What was the average age of United States soldiers in the Vietnam war?
In the cartoons who was Hokie Wolf's sidekick
Who sang about 'The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Of Company B'?
In 'La Traviata', what does Violetta sing?
In which film was Goldie Hawn the body double for Julia Roberts?
Name Jerry Garcia's long lived group.
When not a Birdman, what does Ray Randall do for a living
Name the band - songs include "Aqualung, Thick as a Brick"?
Who wrote the opera 'The Masked Ball'?
Secret Identities: Jim Corrigan
In the TV series 'The Brady Bunch', what was Cindy's toy doll's name?
Who sang about 'Commitment'?
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he didn't wear ______?
In 1958, who had a pop music hit with 'Willie and the Hand Jive'?
Tarzan had a chimpanzee, what was his name?
In which Disney movie is the song "So This Is Love"?
How many strings does a harp have?
This band's highly original video for "Whip it," characterized by red flower pot hats was criticized for being both sado-masochistic and racist.
What is Super Chicken's partners name
Who is the main character in 'Touched By An Angel'?
Michael di Lorenzo was one of the lead dancers on which Michael Jackson video?
What classic rock band sang the song 'Paint It, Black'?
What color was Bullitt's car?
How many freckles did Howdy Doody have?
How does Wonder Woman control her invisible airplane
In which James Bond film does the villain cheat at golf?
Who played the role of Richard Blaine in Casablanca?
Which comic is drawn by Sam Keith?
Name Cathy's on again/off again boy friend
Which actor won Oscars twice for 'best male performance' in the '90s?
Who sang 'Jet Airliner'?
What is the only X Rated film to have won the best film Oscar?
What is Dennis the Menace's surname?
When Tweety exclaimed, "I thought I saw a putty tat!", who did he see?
What instrument does an organ grinder play?
Who was the first female to enter the Billboard charts in 1985?
In the 70s Hit Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons what is the name of the company Scralet works for?
What was the name of George of the Jungle's pet elephant
Who played 'Johnny Mnemonic'?
What was George of the Jungle always running in to?
Miss Buckley is secretary to what commanding officer?
Which actress won the 2002 Academy Award for best actress in a leading role, for her part in the movie, 'Monster's Ball'?
Savage Garden took 13 nominations and 10 wins at which awards?
Name the singer - songs include "Me & Bobby McGee, Mercedes Benz"?
With which period in music do we associate with composers such as Bach, Handel and Vivaldi?
Which movie is the highest grossing movie of all time?
What is the name of the Volkswagen in the film, "The Love Bug"?
This term means to play crisply, with the notes separated?
Who sang 'Born In The USA'?
Russian modernist Igor _________
Which instruments is used to tune the orchestra?
For which cartoon character was Beethoven a favourite composer?
Secret Identities: Boston Brand
Name the band - songs include "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll, I Want To Be Straight"?
From which station does the 'Chattanooga Choo Choo' leave?
In 'Coronation Street', who is Ken and Denise's son?
Mel Blanc, the voice of Bugs Bunny, was allergic to what?
Which native of Flint, Michigan, once advised us to "drive your Chevrolet through the USA"?
Name Alley Oop's girl friend
Which british group recorded the 1983 hit 'Owner Of A Lonely Heart'?
Gadzookie has a large, green friend. Who is he
What was Jethro Tull before donating his name to a British epic rock group?
Famous Phrases: Who knows? The ______.
Who was the Indian maiden in Johnny Preston's 'Running Bear'?
How old was Leann Rhimes when she recorded her first album?
What is a violoncello usually called?
Which brand of guitar is played by Jimmy Page, Slash, and Brian May?
What was the first cartoon to feature sound
Pancho was whose faithful sidekick?
Which character in "Forrest Gump" loved shrimp?
Who was Dick Dastardly's pet?
The key of A major has ___ sharps.
From where was Ricky in 'I Love Lucy'?
When not a Birdman, what does Ray Randall do for a living?
What is Elton John's real name?
What was Citizen Kane's first name?
What was the original name of "Little Rascals"?
He was the villain in "Star Wars".
What is Cape Town's major choir called?
What was the original name of Paul McCartney's fictional church cleaner 'Eleanor Rigby'?
To gradually decrease in volume.
Who was the first James Bond?
Name the band - songs include "Monday Monday, California Dreamin'"?
Girlfriend of Lex Luther II
Who married Shania Twain?
Who recorded the 1957 hit "Tammy"?
Who directed the film 'The Birds' from Daphne du Maurier?
For which film did Art Carney win best actor Oscar in 1974?
In a 1976 release, who wanted to 'fly like an eagle'?
What film featured a cat named Mr. Bigglesworth?
This magic word was in the movie, "Mary Poppins".
Who was the first singer in Genesis?
Where did George of the Jungle live
Who played the lead in the movie "Mission Impossible"?
Darth Vader was the villan in the movie, "____ Wars".
Vincent Vega appeared in which movie?
Who is the lead singer of limp bizkit?
Who appeared solo at the Woodstock festival after leaving 'The Lovin' Spoonful'?
In the TV series 'The Fall Guy', who played Colt Seavers?
What was the last Beatles album to be released before they broke up in 1970?
Who played Kevin Hathaway on the soapie 'Days Of Our Lives'?
Who was born on Krypton?
This band's highly original video for "Whip it," characterized by red flower pot hats was criticized for being both sado-masochistic and racist?
What was the name of Ross' pet monkey on 'Friends'?
Secret Identities: Wally West
In "Gone With the Wind", Scarlett regains her wealth by investing in what type of business?
What city's police force did Charlie Chan work with?
Juliette Binoche won an academy award for best supporting role in which film?
Who runs Andy Capp's favorite pub?
What was the first film directed by Robert Redford?
What was the first cartoon character called?
What composer was working on his 10th symphony at the time of his death?
Popeye's chief adversary has two names, Bluto and ______?
What did Hannibal Lecter like to eat with liver?
Who was 'hooked on a feeling'?
Who is the elder statesman of 'british blues', and fronted 'The Bluesbreakers'?
What is Cher's maiden name?
A __________ helps to set and maintain your tempo while playing.
Actor: __________ Nimoy.
Which large tuned orchestral drum is also known as a kettledrum?
In late 1957, Buddy Holly's solo release 'Peggy Sue' challenged which song recorded with The Crickets?
Where does George Jetson work?
Name the band - songs include "Mystify, Listen Like Thieves, Original Sin"?
Photographer for Daily Planet
Band: " _________ And the Bad Seeds"
This was the first 3-D film.
Bill Justis was a studio musician when he recorded this 'sloppy' instrumental in october 1957?
Ian Gillain is the singer for this legendary band
Secret Identities: Jay Garrick
Who shot Bruce Wayne's parents?
Name the band - songs include "Add It Up, Blister In The Sun, Kiss Off"?
What was the name of the pinball machine in the film 'Tommy'?
Who always tried to kill Krazy Kat
Who is Snoopy's arch enemy
Where did George Harrison discover gold?
To play music smoothly?
How many storm troopers were seen in Star Trek?
Where are Rocket J. Squirel and Bullwinkle Moose from?
Secret Identities: Clark Kent
Who starred in the 1952 film 'Niagara'?
Was Shirley Temple 21, 25 or 29 when she made her last film?
Who is Declan Patrick McManus better known as?
Where did Mighty Mouse get his superpowers?
Broke Batman
Younger version of Aquaman
On what LP Cover can we read the words 'Welcome Rolling Stones'?
Who starred with John Travolta in the movie "Broken Arrow"?
Whose films include 'Giant', 'Written On The Wind' and 'A Farewell To Arms'?
What is Batman's butler Alfred's last name.
What is the stage name of Greta Gustafson?
Who starred in 'Conan The Barbarian'?
What is the term used for 'slowly' in music?
What was George of the Jungle always running in to
Who wrote Tubular Bells?
Who was a member of 'Crosby, Stills and Nash' and 'The Hollies'?
Name the band - songs include "Black Night, Smoke On The Water"?
As who is Terry Bollea known?
To which elemetary school did TV's 'Brady Bunch' go?
Who wrote the song 'Do They Know It's Christmas' with Bob Geldof?
Name the European hit, now an animated series about underwater people.
What is the name of Jaleel White's character in the tv series 'Family ties'?
What was the name of the motel in the film "Psycho"?
Who began his career with 'The Yardbirds' and established himself as one of the best rock guitarists of his generation?
Who played Louis in 'Interview With The Vampire'?
In the 60s Mokees Song Here comes Tommorow who does Davey Jones say he Loves?
Which superhero loves peace enough to kill for it
What kind of creature was Chewbacca in "Star Wars"?
She played Lois Lane in the 1978 film version of "Superman".
In which movie did Bruce Willis play the role of Corben Dallas?
Secret Identities: Arthur Curry
Who sings 'Sweet Home Alabama'?
Benny and Cecil were at odds with whom
The rolling stones first recorded song was?
Who plays the lead role in The Usual Suspects?
What show/game has characters such as Bulbasaur and Pikachu?
What is the mother's name in Family Circus?
Who always tried to kill Krazy Kat?
Who invented the electrical bass?
What is the frog's name in 'The Muppet Show'?
What is know as 'The Greatest Show On Earth'?
What group's biggest-ever hit was Be My Baby?
What was The Beatles' biggest hit single?
Mentor of Titan had two children in the Marvel comics, Thanos and ____
Which Australian duo took 13 nominations and 10 wins at the ARIA awards?
Who was Miss Hungary in 1936?
This movie directed by Woody Allen won the best picture Oscar in 1978.
Which superhero loves peace enough to kill for it?
What was the relationship between Superman and Supergirl?
Who played the 'Universal Soldier'?
What Marlon Brando film was widely banned?
What country was the setting for "The King and I"?
This was the sequel to "Star Wars".
Hey! What was the name of the hit song released by 'The Romantics' in February 1980?
What was the name of Speed Racer's car
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo?
Singing without instrumental back up is called what?
In which film did Paul Newman and Robert Redford hold hands and jump into a river?
Secret Identities: Cliff Steele
Who played Garth in "Wayne's World"?
What was Elvis Presley's twin brother's name?
The Who' had a guiness world record for what?
What was the setting for "The Sound of Music"?
Who discovered gold on the Witwatersrand?
This gypsy swing guitarist nearly had his left hand destroyed by fire as a child?
In the film 'Hackers', how old was 'zero_kool' when he was first arrested?
The film 'The Wizard Of ______'?
What did Dagwood give up to marry Blondie?
Who was the villain in 'Star Wars'?
Barbara Streisand was the female lead in "Hello, Dolly".  Who was the male lead?
Who sang 'I'm A Believer'?
What was the working title for The Beatles' song, 'Yesterday'?
Who directed "Jurassic Park III?"
Killed Superman
How many Oscars did Ben Hur win?
What was Daffy Ducks usual closing line
Andre Rieu and the Johann Strauss Orchestra are famous for what musical love piece
Who was the Cisco Kid's faithful sidekick?
Which singer/songwriter worked in a factory making toilets for airplanes before he recorded 'Aint No Sunshine'?
How many strings are there on a standard guitar?
This actress appeared in "St. Elmo's Fire", "The Scarlett Letter", and "Striptease".
What does the statue of Oscar stand on?
What did Dagwood give up to marry Blondie
Whats the smallest size grand piano?
Josie and the ________
Mentor of Titan had two children in the Marvel comics, Thanos and ___?
This Disney movie relies heavily on computer animation.
In what city does Fat Albert live?
What is the name of the Indian musical instrument made popular in western rock by The Beatles and Ravi Shankar?
Who played Queen Amidala in the latest 'Star Wars' film?
Which beatle was the first to release a solo record?
Who is Melanie Griffith's mother?
He starred in, "City Lights".
Who shot Bruce Wayne's parents
Where does George Jetson work
What group refused to have their pictures taken while they were not in their makeup?
What was the name of Han Solo's spaceship in "Star Wars"?
Number of new Supermen after his "death"
Who wrote and preformed the soundtrack for Live and let die?
Who did Charlie Becker play in 'The Wizard of Oz'?
What song's words were changed and then published in 1935 as 'Happy Birthday To You'?
"He's So Fine", "One Fine Day" and "A Love So Fine" where hits for what fine group?
What comic strip character is Beetle Bailey's sister
Who is the lead vocalist of U2?
Name the band - songs include "Strange Brew, White Room"?
Who sang 'Islands In The Stream' with Dolly Parton?
The standard major scale is also known as the _______ mode.
This term means to play smoothly.
With which period in music do we associate composers such as Tchaikovsky, Mendelssohn, and Chopin?
Hang On Sloopy' was the official rock song of which band?
Who was the alter ego of 'The Incredible Hulk'?
Which singer is a former school teacher?
Who was Carl in Five Easy Pieces before going to Walton's Mountain?
Who did Patrick Duffy portray in the TV series 'Dallas'?
This term means to play moderately slow and gracefully?
Jerry Lee Lewis had Great _____ Of Fire.
Who played Brad Pitt's cop partner in the movie "Seven"?
Name the fastest mouse in all of Mexico
Which comedy duo did the famous, "Who's on first?" routine?
Name Hagar the Horrible's dog.
In 'Star Wars', who was C3P0's sidekick?
Which TV horse could talk?
Who played the lead in the movie "Castaway"?
Who played commander Riker in 'Star Trek'?
How many strings are there on a violin?
What is the name of the skunk in the film, "Bambi"?
This film starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer wont he best picture Oscar for 1965.
Through 1963 this duo's total record sales exceeded 18 million with successes including "Cathy's Clown" and "Wake Up Little Suzie".
Which character sang "Come Out, Come Out, Wherever You Are" in "The Wizard of Oz"?
An alien creature in a funny hat has opposed both Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck. Where is he from
In the cartoons who was Hokie Wolf's sidekick?
What was Garth's last name in 'Wayne's World'?
With which period in music do we associate composers such as Beethoven, Mozart and Haydn?
Charles Laughton played Quasimodo in this epic film.
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM
What was the relationship between Superman and Supergirl
Who starred as 'ouboet' in the first TV series of 'Orkney Snork Nie'?
Green Lantern's alter ego
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found
The first 18 minutes of this movie is black and white.
What was the first network series devoted entirely to rock and roll?
Gadzookie has a large, green friend. Who is he?
TV series: 'American ______'?
Name the ranger who was always after Yogi Bear.
Secret Identities: Jonn Jonzz
Which comic strip was banned from "Stars and Stripes"
What instrument are you playing when you perform a rim shot?
What was Rocky's nickname in the ring?
Alvin & Simon had a brother called ____.
Who directed '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'A Clockwork Orange'.
Paul Mccartney played these instruments?
Who sang for 'Bad company' and 'Free', then went out on his own?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones?
This movie is about the migration of poor workers from the dust bowl to the Californian fruit valleys.
Name the fastest mouse in all of Mexico.
Which film preceded 'Magnum Force' and 'The Enforcer'?
Where is the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame?
What was the original name Charles Schultz had for Peanuts?
Who was Lauren Bacall's first husband?
Popeye's chief adversary has two names, Bluto and ______
The initials of the band NIN stand for?
What was the name of Barney and Betty Rubble's son?
Which country and western singer is known as the 'okie from muskogee'?
Who sang 'Forever and Ever, Amen'?
She played a Polish refugee in "Sophie's Choice".
Who were the 2 lead characters in the movie Life?
Where did Mighty Mouse get his superpowers
Fifties rock "n" roll was revived by what greased hair, T-shirted, TV frequenting group?
What did Peppermint Patty always call Charlie Brown
Who is Donald Duck's uncle
Which German duo have sold over 85 million records?
What was Daffy Duck's favorite insult?
Miss Buckley is secretary to what commanding officer
Crosby, Stills and Nash's debut album included a song about a girl and the colour of her eyes. Name that song.
Bugs always finds himself at the wrong end of a gun, usually toted by either Elmer Fudd or who?
Who plays many voices, such as Dr Nick, and Moe on 'The Simpsons'?
How old was Leann Rhimes when she became a country music star?
Orson Wells was nominated for four oscars for which legendary movie?
Who invented James Bond ?
What was Dorothy's last name in "The Wizard of Oz"?
This film was an ambitious concert sequence of cartoons by Walt Disney.
What license plate number is on the Volkswagon on the cover of The Beatles' 'Abbey Road' Album?
Who did Vivian Vance play on 'The Lucy Show'?
Who played Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz"?
Who wrote 'Roll Over Beethoven'?
Who advised us to 'break on through to the other side'?
The director of Jaws, Raiders of the Lost Ark
Besides "Auld Lang Syne" and "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow", what is the most frequently sung song in English?
Secret Identities: Kay Challis
Which band does Eddie Vedder with?
Which basketball star played a genie in 'Kazaam'?
Who is James Bonds Recurring Foe?
