The eggs of this sturgeon are the preferred form of caviar.
Salmon
What colour is chablis? 
Yellow. Or red. Or green. Maybe Orange. 
Where is the oldest distillery in the world? 
Scotland maybe.
Singapore banned which popular western foodstuff because of litter implicatons? 
Chewing gum
Who released the following album 'Strange brew ' 
Miles Davis released 'Bitches Brew' does that count?
Who In The World Of Music Has The Real Name Of Derek Dick 
No idea
What do you get when you add fresh fruit to red wine 
Sangria
Which type of restaurant popularized the use of conveyor belts? 
Forget the name, I've only been once. 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Pretzel logic' 
Italian dish consiting of olives, anchovies, salami, celery, and appetizers.
Anti pasti!
Food That Is Permitted To Be Eaten Under Jewish Dietary Laws Is Known As What 
Kosher
Which contains more caffeine - coffee beans or tea leaves? 
By weight - tea
What drink is a mixture of brandy, egg yolks & vanilla? 
Eggnog
How Are The TV Chefs 'Simon King & David Myers'' More Commonly Known 
Dunno... hairy bikers? 
Creme de Cacao, cream, and brandy make up which type of cocktail 
Something a bit too sickly sweet in my opinion, eugh. 



What Dessert Consists Of Ice Cream Covered In Meringue And Baked In The Oven 
What 'R'' Is The Name Given To A Picked Herring 
What is the most common pub name in Great Britain? 
This drink is made from espresso coffee, steamed milk and chocolate.
Which Type Of Prepared Bread Is Named After An Opera Singer? 
What can you do after eating a garlic doused Indian meal in order to prevent your breath smelling of garlic the day after? 
In 1999, which American retail giant announced that it was buying the Asda food retail chain? 
What is the minimum age for scotch whisky before it can be sold in the uk? 
Which Ancient Central American Civilisation Were Drinking Chocolate Milk As Long Ago As 600 BC 
Bourbon, sugar and mint make up which type of Cocktail 
In which dishes is sticky rice used? 
Where was Budweiser first brewed?
What European Country Is The consumer Of The Most Ice Cream 
Sweetbread is derived from this organ.
Which Food Stuff Has A Name Which Translates Into English As 'On A Skewer'? 
Which vegetable is the principal ingredient of rosti? 
In Which Country Was Gin Invented 
Which fruit is used to make Calvados? 
Creme de Menthe and brandy make which cocktail? 
After Who Was The Sandwich Named 
In Italy, if you were served pesce martello, what would you be about to eat? 
What Is A Ramekin 
The Name Of Which Chinese Dish Means 'Odds & Ends' 
What was the first name of Senor Cardini, the Mexican restaurateur who created a classic salad in 1924? 
 What colour is creme de menthe?
What Are Scallions 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Burnt weeny sandwich' 
With what is champagne mixed to produce `Buck's Fizz'? 
What soft drink is advertised with the slogan, What's the worst that could happen? 
What do Americans call what the British call an iced-lolly? 
What Type Of Foodstuff Is Traditionally Eaten On Shrove Tuesday 
The Process Where Food Browns During Cooking Is Known As The What 
What Is The Principle Ingredient Of The Indian Dish Biryani 
Booze Name: Vodka, consomme, lemon, tabasco sauce, salt, pepper, celery salt.
Laetrile is associated with the pit of which fruit 
How would you say 'house wine' in 'French' 
What Is Albumen The Correct Term For 
What did Martin Stone invent in 1888 that millions of suckers use every day? 
Rioja Wine Comes From Which Country 
What would you buy from a Bodega? 
Wine vinegar, egg white and what other ingredient goes into making hollandaise sauce? 
What Is The Italian Name For Squid In A Restaurant? 
In which order do you drink lemon, salt & tequila? 
What Is The Most Expensive Spice 
In which country would you expect to be served a yoghurt-based starter called 'tzatziki'? 
What is the chief food for half the people in the world? 
A Cappuccino Coffee Is Named After What 
Cocktails: Cognac (brandy) and white creme de menthe make a(n) ____________·.
In Scotland Which Soup Is Traditionally Served On Burns Night 
What does the phrase al dente mean? 
What Does Vodka Actually Mean 
How Did Eggs Benedict Get It's Name 
In which countries would you find the following city 'Whiskeytown'? 
What Is The Main Ingredient In Advocaat 
What is the most widely used seasoning 
What is the name of the two-coloured oblong cake covered in almond paste? 
What is the name of a small barrel of beer of nine gallons capacity? 
For what was licourice used in ancient Egypt? 
Which drink do you associate with Holy Island in Northumberland? 
Laetrile is associated with the pit of which fruit?
This spiny fruit with a pungent odor and rich yellow flesh is considered "The King of Fruits" by many southeast asians.
What Would You Be Drinking If You Were Given Earl Grey 
 Laetrile is associated with the pit of which fruit
The mild stimulant "theobromine" is found in this common lip_smacker.
In which country is the wine making area of Stellenbosch? 
Often drunk, this liquid is normally harvested from female cows 
In the year 2000, what was the most popular sweet brand in the UK - Rowntree Fruit Pastilles, Starburst or Polo Mints? 
What Type Of Fruit Is A Russet 
McDonald's 'Iced Tea' is actually this brand
The Berries Of The Juniper Tree Are Used To Flavour Which Alcoholic Drink? 
Which Nation Eats The Most Chocolate Per Capita (Per Head) 
Caviar Is A Delicacy That Comes From Which Fish 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'The spaghetti incident' 
Often eaten for breakfast, bacon is actually the flesh of what barnyard animal?
What Fruit Is Used In Making 'Creme de Cassis' 
What gives pasta its green colour? 
What is the main ingredient of Tapanade? 
Sapporo is brewed in this country.
The French call it Sabayon, what do the Italians call it? 
How many standard bottles of wine are in a Methuselah 
What type of sweets was American President Ronald Reagan known for having on his desk? 
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks 'Dum Aloo' 
Which soft drink was invented by the Nicholls family of Wythenshawe, near Manchester, during the 1900's and is sold in both still and sparkling forms? 
Which Brand Of Pizza Was Also The Title Of A 1990 Movie 
What Is The Alcoholic Ingredient In A Bloody Mary 
Complete the classic advertising slogan 'Good Old Bertie Bassett_____'? 
Where Might You Drink The Wine Retsina 
What ingredient is added to wine to make port? 
In Which Country Did The Cheese Emmanthal Originate Was It France, Switzerland, Denmark Or Belgium? 
Chablis comes from which French wine region? 
What Is The Annual Yield Of A Single Coffee Plant 
Which vegetable has the most calories? 
What Is A Boullabaisse 
Roast turkey: does white/dark meat have most calories? 
Salted and glazed biscuit shaped like a knot 
Who had a number 1 record in 1963 with Sweets For My Sweet? 
Who is the American artist who uses Campbell's Soup cans in his pop art? 
From Which Country Does The Drink Tequila Originate? 
What name is given to the unripe, ground or whole berries of Piper nigrum? 
Popular in the Netherlands, what type of food is a frikandel? 
What two fruits grow on palm trees? 
What is a `rosti'? 
How many herbs and spices are used in Kentucky Fried Chicken 
What are the two main ingredients of a Hollandaise sauce? 
What Does The Term 'A La Carte' Actually Mean 
German dish with roast beef marinated in vinegar, sugar, and seasonings.
What Kind Of Fruit Is A Canteloupe? 
What is the most widely used seasoning?
Which Meat Dish Was Named After A 19th Century Russian Count 
Name for an oblong cream puff filled and topped with icing.
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Tigermilk' 
What Is Pumpernickel 
In which countries would you find the following city 'Cayenne'? 
Which Celebrity Chef Owns A Chain Of Restaurants Called 'Fifteen'' 
Which fruit has the most calories per gram?
Which Nation Has The Sweetest Tooth 
 Natural vanilla flavoring comes from this plant.
French for 'flight in the wind' 
What Type Of Cheese Was Traditionally Made From Buffaloes Milk? 
Which fruit has the scientific name of malus pumulia? 
What name was given to the light, clear wine developed in medieval times along the coastal valleys of the Gironde river in the Bordeaux region? 
The geometric shape found on the Bass Pale Ale bottle
What is the brewery featured in Coronation Street? 
How many bottles of `champagne' are there in a Nebuchadnezzar? 
Savoy And Late Flat Dutch Are Both Varieties Of Which Vegetable? 
Which of the following brands of drink sold the most in the UK in the year 2000 - Ribena, Lucozade or Tango?* * 
Which alcoholic beverage is advertised on TV by Tom the Dancing Cat? 
 What type of drink is Perrier?
From Where Does Spaghetti Bolognese 
Which vegetable did President George Bush senior declare publicly that he did not like? 
What Is The Stimulant Present In Tea & Coffee 
What beer was promoted with the line: 'Probably the best lager in the world'? 
Greek Feta cheese is made from the milk of which animal? 
This cut of beef lies between tenderloin & rump.
What Is Aspic 
What colour top do bottles of unpasteurized milk have? 
The Queensland nut or bush nut is more commonly known as this.
Popularised in the USA, Australia and New Zealand, which thick drink is made with fresh fruit pur?ed with milk, yoghurt, or ice cream? 
What part of a wine bottle is the punt? 
French fries come from this country.
Poteen is a distilled spirit made in the West of Ireland. What is it made from? 
What is made at St James's Gate in Dublin? 
What type of milk is a basic ingredient of Thai cookery? 
Which French District Does Claret Come From 
Carrots Are Rich In which Vitamin Is It A,B,C,D 
Which country consumes more Coca Cola per head than anywhere else in the world? 
In which countries would you find the following city 'Tabasco'? 
Which Dessert Has A Custard Base And A Burnt Caramelised Top? 
What Does 'CAMRA' Stand For 
Which Supermarket Chain Uses Jamie Oliver To Advertise It's Products 
 Name the only fruit named for its color.
Company that was purveyor of Vodka to the Imperial Russian Court (1886_1917)
What type of fish is in an omelette Arnold Bennett? 
How many gallons are there in a firkin? 
Zima iz made in thiz United Statez city.
The Finest Strands Of Pasta Are Known As What 
A Dining Chair With Arms Is Known As A What 
How many pieces of bun are in a Mcdonald's Big Mac 
What is the basic ingredient of the Indonesian dish Nasi Goreng? 
What Is The Ginger Like Root Crop Associated With Thai Cooking 
Where was Budweiser first brewed 
What Does IPA Stand For 
If you were served crudit?s as a starter before your main meal what would you be eating? 
Which red jelly is a traditional accompaniment to lamb? 
What Is Black Velvet 
How do you prevent a black rim forming round the yolk of a boiled egg? 
What fruit flavour is used in crepes-suzette 
What sort of fish is a kipper? 
Which village in County Antrim gives its name to a brand of Irish whiskey produced there and at a companion distillery in Coleraine? 
What Is Karahi 
Crushed grain, nuts and dried fruit 
What is pumpernickel? 
Black German rye bread 
Sea Urchin Sushi Is Known As What In Japanese 
Which Italian city gave its name to a cheese and a type of ham? 
What do American's call an Aubergine? 
What Do You Add To Advocat To Make A Snowball 
What fruit contains the most calories? 
What Wine Is Traditionally Matched With Pate And Brioche 
Naughtiness Drug' is an anagram of which drink? 
Apparently resembling a marine creature, which morsel of meat found in a fowl's back is reckoned by some to be the tastiest? 
Which cooking term is used to describe vegetables cut into very thin strips and cooked slowly in butter? 
Armagnac Is A Brandy Originating From Which Part Of France 
According to some, 'Dutch courage' in battle came from the over consumption of what ? 
The Term 'Dutch Courage' Usually Comes From The Consumption Of Which Spirit? 
Which Are More Nutritious Brown Or White Eggs 
Which contribution to western tea culture was introduced at the St. Louis world fair in 1904 
What Are You Doing If You Are Shucking An Oyster? 
What Percentage Of Total Production Does The Arabic Coffee Bean Represent 
What are the two main ingredients of cock-a-leekie soup? 
The two ingredients of a Black Velvet are stout and
What crop is attacked by the Colorado beatle? 
What Are Petit Fours 
What Type Of Vegetable Is A Marrow Fat 
In which Dickens novel would one find this service 'United Metropolitan Improved Hot Muffin and Crumpet Baking and Punctual Delivery Company ' 
A Chablis wine comes from which French wine region 
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly? 
Which popular beverage's name is German for 'to store' ? 
 What kind of nuts are used in marzipan
Which Country Is The Source Of Stilton Cheese 
What Animal Do You Obtain Venison From 
Rickets is caused by a lack of which vitamin?
This meat is used to make scaloppine.
What Was The Original Name For The Sweets Now Known As Starbursts? 
Which Order Of Friars Is Coffee Topped With Steam Milk Named After 
A.K.A juniper juice?
Mexican dish with minced and seasoned meat packed in cornmeal and corn husks.
Which Australian Opera Singer had a dessert and a kind of bread named after her? 
Is wholemeal bread brown or white?
Mustard, ketchup and onions on a hotdog are all types of what 
Add this to milk, eggs, and sugar to make a Tom and Jerry.
Who invented the Egg Mcmuffin?
From which fruit is the liqueur Kirsh made?
What Was Sweet Stout Known As Until Banned Under The Trade Description Act 
From which fruit is the liqueur Kirsh made 
 Vermicelli literally means ___________.
Legend says bats lived in the rum distillery and one of them is on the label.
How Are Tandoori Dishes Cooked 
Which flavouring is added to brandy and egg yolks to make advocaat? 
 At which stage of a meal would you have an hors d'oeuvre?
The 18th amendment to the Constitution was introduced in 1919, repealed in 1933 and is the only one to have been repealed, what did it relate to? 
What is the name given to the dish of fruit stewed or preserved in syrup? 
The Vanilla Plant Is Native To Which Country 
What type of food is Port Salut? 
What Type Of Oranges Are Traditionally Used To Make Marmalade 
By which name are English Truffles known? 
How Many Million Barrels Of Beer Are Sold Annualy In The UK 
Capers Are Derived From What 
The Dish Of Rice, Flaked Fish And Hard Boiled Eggs Is Known As What 
Who is `The Naked Chef'? 
Who released the following album 'Whipped cream and other delights ' 
What Food Do You Use Up More Calories Eating Than You Gain Through Consumption? 
Which Country Consumes The Most Cornflakes 
How would you serve Gezpacho Soup 
What name is given to a savoury of oysters wrapped in bacon slices, served on toast? 
The Italian Desert Made By Whisking Egg Yolks, Wine And Sugar Is More Commonly Known As What 
What Do The Initials U.H.T Refer To In Relation To Milk? 
If A Sparkling Wine Is Labelled As 'Brut' How Will It Taste 
What is the main vegetable ingredient of moussaka? 
From which plant is tequila derived?
Wher Might You Be Offered Ouzo 
Name The Woman Who Was In The Vanguard Of Tv Crooks 
The Popular Breakfast Meat Bacon Comes From Which Type Of Animal 
What Is The Swedish Name For A Hot Or Cold Food Served As A Buffet? 
What Are Globe And Jerusalam Both Examples Of 
What is it called when fat and juices from the roasting tin are spooned over meat while it is cooking? 
Cocktails: Rum, lime, and cola drink make a(n) ____________.
How Many Legs Does A Bombay Duck Have? 
What is Japanese "sake" made from?
Iceberg, Boston, and Bibb are types of What 
Small cubes of fried or toasted bread 
What is added to Whisky to make is Whisky Mac? 
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks 'Barmbrack' 
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks: 'Sachertorte' 
Booze Name: 1 1/2 oz. light rum, 1 lime, powdered sugar, fruit juice, blend w/crushed ice
Which seed is the basic ingredient for tahina paste ? 
What type of food is a bloomer? 
A food labelled "Florentine" is prepared with this.
Name the dessert named after a Derbyshire town? 
Who Was The First Man To Bring Cocoa Beans To Europe 
Which Country Drinks The Most Beer Per Annum 
Which beer sponsors a pre-Wimbledon Tennis Tournament 
What country is the largest consumer of beer per head? 
What vegetable did Mark Twain describe as 'Cabbage with a college education'? 
How Many Gallons In A Firkin 
What is compote? 
Beef dish named after a 19th century Russian diplomat 
What Does 'Vol-au-vent' Actually Mean In French 
Which spirit is used to fortify red wine in creating port? 
The Subterranean Fungus Highly Prized In Cooking Is Known As What 
Name the two dishes named after an opera singer? 
Booze Name: 2 oz. gin, juice of 1/2 lemon, 1 tsp sugar, top with soda water.
Booze Name: 1 oz. gin and 1 oz. orange juice.
If you wanted your eggs fried without cooking the yolks, how should you order them in? 
What TV sitcom about Liverpool family life did Carla Lane write? 
Lack of Vitamin D causes which disease?
In which country did Scampi Originate? 
What is the other ingredient in a pink gin? 
Agar-agar is often used in cooking. What is it? 
 Which red jelly is a traditional accompaniment to lamb?
Which village in Leicestershire gives its name to a hunt notorious among animal rights protesters and a food popular with vegetarians? 
According to Harry Belafonte, what kind of water is 'good for your daughter' ? 
Where were fortune cookies invented?
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Flaming pie' 
What is a cross between a blackberry and a raspberry?
I belong to the same family as the potato, and more of me are canned than any other fruit or vegetable. What am I? 
To What Plant Family Do The Radish & Turnip Belong 
What is the Swedish name for hot or cold dishes served as a buffet? 
Six ounces of orange juice contains the minimum daily requirement for which vitamin?
What Is The Main Ingrediant Of Guacamole? 
What is another name for the carambula?
Spice that a bartender would dust your Brandy Flip with
Which citrus fruit, possibly a combination of sweet lime and sour orange, grows predominantly in Italy and is used in Earl Grey tea and eau de Cologne ? 
Hazelnut liqueur named for the mysterious monk that made it 300 years ago
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks: 'Kvass' 
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan 
Which sweet treat could be found at the Ambassador's parties? 
What nationality is the lager giant 'Grolsch'? 
What words do SPAM take its name from? 
What Is Black & Tan 
Which is Britain's top selling fruit flavoured soup? 
For What Drink Was Chicory A War Time Substitue 
What Is The Main Ingredient Of The Spanish Dish Paella? 
Cocktails: Vodka, orange juice and Galliano make a(n) ___________.
Which Bewer Produces Owd Roger 
In Regard To Food What Do The Initials 'GM'' Actually Stand For 
Which sweets were reintroduced to Britain in1994 after a 10-year gap? 
How many teaspoons in a tablespoon (UK) ? 
Booze Name: A manhattan, but with scotch whiskey.
Which drink, invented in 1886, was first marketed as the 'Esteemed Brain Tonic and Intellectual Beverage'? 
What name is given to the aniseed flavoured spirit drunk in Turkey? 
How many bottles of Champagne are there in a Magnum? 
 Even though it tastes nothing like grapes, a __________ is often eaten for breakfast.
Who is McDonald's mascot(full name)
What Is A Bouquet Garni 
If you ordered Cherries Jubilee, how would you expect them to be cooked? 
What do you call the Irish dish of Mashed Potato's with chopped Spring Onions 
The Stomach Of A Cow Or Sheep Is Known As What 
The dessert Pavlova is made from fresh fruit, cream and which other ingredient? 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Tupelo honey' 
What are sometimes called Chinese Gooseberries?' 
In the drink Gin and 'It' - what's 'It'? 
What is the name given to the watery part of milk left after making cheese?
What Is The Most Common Pub Name 
 From which fish is caviar obtained
What Are The Ingredients Of A Harvey Wallbanger Cocktail 
What name is given to the red wines from the Bordeaux region? 
What Eastern Fruit Comes In A Shell 
What is the most widely eaten meat in the world? 
Booze Name: 1 oz. gin, 1/2 oz. dry vermouth, 1/2 oz. sweet vermouth, 1/2 oz. orange juice
What is the name for the liquid butter used in Indian cooking? 
Which drink made of hot milk curdled with ale, wine, etc. and often flavoured with spices, was formerly used as a cold remedy? 
What Is An Egg Plant 
What food has a name that means twice cooked? 
Boston butt, jowl, and picnic ham are parts of a ______.
Natural vanilla flavoring comes from this plant, What Is It 
Sorbitol dulcitol and xylitol are forms of what?) 
From what country does Sangria originate? 
What Is the Main Ingredient Of The Liquor Mead 
What is a segment of garlic called? 
Umbles can be made into a pie and gave rise to the expression 'to eat (h)umble pie'. What are umbles? 
Which English king not only had to deal with the bloody Vikings but with a barrage of burnt bannocks? 
What is Laver Bread made from? 
In The Year 2001 Which Popular Food Dish Was Declared As Britain's Favorite 
What alcoholic drink is distilled from pears? 
What name is given to the Japanese dish in which fish, shellfish, or vegetables are fried in batter? 
Marsala is a type of this.
What name is given to the deep south stew or soup thickened with Okra? 
What is the name of the apple based liqueur from Normandy? 
Even though it tastes nothing like grapes, a __________ is often eaten for breakfast.
What type of meat is used in the preparation of Osso Bucco? 
For Which beer is Rutland famous? 
From Which Fruit Is Grenadine Obtained? 
What Are 'Ladies Fingers' Better Known As 
According to Ken Dodd what are mined in Knotty Ash? 
To Which Family Do The Cabbage And Cauliflower Belong 
What type of food is Dorset Blue Vinney? 
What name is given to an illegal highly alcoholic Irish whiskey 
 Mustard, ketchup and onions on a hotdog are all ___________.
In French cookery, What is the earthenware dish in Which pat? is served? 
After Whom Was The Desert 'Pavlova' Named 
White Russian Cocktails Are Made From Milk, Vodka And Which Liquer 
The Aperitif Made From White Aligote Wine And Cassis Is Known As What 
In which US state did chilli con carne originate? 
In which month does beaujolais nouveau arrive? 
What is the other name for a ground nut or a peanut? 
Fred The Flour Grader Was The Trademark Of Which Company? 
Once very popular in Europe, which leafy weed was later called pig weed because it was said to be only suitable for pigs and Frenchmen ? 
What does it mean about the taste if a wine is described as 'brut'? 
Which cake is traditionally eaten on 5th november to commemorate guy fawkes? 
What is special about Porcini mushrooms 
This is a common nickname for McDonalds(singular)
What Is The Meaning Of The Term Julienne 
What Country Does Bacardi Originate 
What is France's oldest type of brandy? 
Which tuber is sometimes called the 'Black Diamond' ? 
The Marine Snail Is Better Known As What 
From what is American Bourbon distilled? 
Whose 'how to cheat' cookbook was heavily criticized when it was launched in 2008 
What name is given to a clear soup with thin strips of vegetables? 
Which spirit is fermented and distilled from sugar cane? 
Which drink was created when Indian army officers added quinine to soda water to help fight malaria? 
In which century were bananas first sold in London? 
Who was the roman god of wine? 
What Are The Best Selling Sweets In The UK 
Which brewery brews a beer called Old Peculiar? 
What is a `Blenheim Orange'? 
What ingredient is used to flavour Amaretto liqueurs and biscuits? 
Which fruit goes into the liqueur Kirsch? 
What Are Cos & Density Both Types Of 
What was the weekly butter ration during the second world war? 
The drink Sake (sah'ki) comes from this country.
Which well known fruit juice drink brand is the Maori word for 'Good Health''? 
The Italian Word Vermicelli literally means 
Which country would you associate with the dish Couscous? 
What is meant by deglazing? 
What Grain Is Whiskey Made From 
 Often eaten for breakfast, the egg comes from what barnyard animal
Which dish contains offal and oatmeal, and is traditionally boiled in a bag made from the stomach of an animal? 
If you saw broiled food on an American menu, how would it be cooked? 
German dish of chopped cabbage? 
Little round chocolate candies are known as _&m's.
Where is most of the vitamin C in fruits?
Cocktails: Gin and Collins mix make a(n) __________.
How big is a Jeroboam compared to a normal size bottle? 
From Which Country Does The Beer 'Red Stripe'' Originate 
What does the brut indicate on a bottle of champagne? 
If a dish is served `au gratin' what does it have on it? 
 What is the main ingredient of a traditional fondue?
What term is used in cooking to describe food that has been cooked so that it is still firm to the bite? 
Rum is made from this plant.
What Is Sauerkraut 
Harrissa is what in cooking? 
What Is The Main Ingredient Of Paella 
What is taramasalata made from? 
Which familiar carbonated soft drink contains quinine, a fact which influenced the name it was given? 
What Is Scrumpy 
What Is 'SPAM' Short For 
 From which fruit is the liqueur Kirsh made
Unlike other oranges, what does a navel orange not have 
What Nationality Is The Lager Giant Grolsch? 
What Is Used To Give Earl Grey It's Distinctive Flavour 
Isabella Mayson is the famous author of a Cookery Book. How is she better known? 
Which part of the English breakfast was known derisively in Victorian times as Little bags of mystery? 
A green gelatinous substance known as calipee is used to make which favorite amongst gastronomes ? 
What do you get when you add fresh fruit to red wine?
What is made of fermented grape juice?
Which contribution to western tea culture was introduced in New York restaurants in 1908 
What Is The Origin Of The Word Gammon 
What is the main ingredient of Sauerkraut? 
What is 'water of life' in 'French' 
What is the head waiter at a French restaurant called? 
In Which Alcoholic Drink Might You Find A Worm 
From what country does Advocaat originate? 
A Linzer torte, named after an Austrian town has a ground nut pastry base spread with Jam. What type of topping does it have? 
What is common name for the fruit Citrus Grandis? 
What Is Feta A Type Of 
What Does The Name Of The Veal Dish 'Saltimbocca' Mean? 
Which South-East Asian fruit's smell reminds people, to put it mildly, of various stages of decay ? 
What delicatessen dish is highly seasoned beef prepared from a shoulder cut called? 
Which vegetable is a Welsh emblem? 
In what US state are 75% of world's pineapples grown? 
Which fruit has varieties called Concord, Niagra and Muscat? 
In Indian cuisine what is ghee? 
What shape is macaroni? 
What is ciabatta? 
What does 'Marbling'' refer to? 
Who wrote the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory? 
What Is Most Likely To Be Measured In A Hogshead 
What Banned Substance Was Included In The Ingredients Of Coca Cola Until 1903 
 From what animal do we get venison
Is Amontillado a sweet, medium or medium-dry sherry? 
Which product was renamed `Arthur's' after the star of its advertising campaign? 
What is the animal product used in the making of the Italian dessert 'cassata'?
Which two cheeses are layered in a Huntsman Cheese? 
 What do you get when you add fresh fruit to red wine
Gnocchi is a food from Italy. What is it? 
What Do The Initials U.H.T Refer To In Relation To Milk 
Good Rhine wines are bottled in what colour bottles?
What is the name of the fruit sauce which is a traditional accompaniment to the Christmas Turkey? 
What cocktail: Vodka, Galliano and Orange Juice? 
Which cereal is the only one grown standing in water? 
In which city is the Coleman's Mustard Museum? 
What do the letters VOSP on a brandy bottle stand for?
From which fish does Caviar come? 
Cocktails: Creme de Cacao, cream, and brandy make a(n) __________.
What Is Bisque 
Which country produces the wine Vinho Verdi? 
What 'B' Is A Mexican Dish That Translates Into English As Little Donkey 
Which vegetable comes in `globe' and `Jerusalem' varieties? 
What Is Sold At Billingsgate Market In London? 
What is the name of the traditional english dish made from pork trimmings and pig's head? 
What type of pastry is used for profiteroles? 
Cocktails: Triple sec, tequila, and lemon or lime juice make a(n) _________.
Which English family brewer produces Eagle Bitter, Bombardier and also brews Red Stripe under licence? 
How Are Truffles Found 
What is the name of the syrup drained from raw sugar?
Which cooking term stems from the French word for coal ? 
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks: 'Lussekatter' 
What Type Of Meat Usually Goes Into Frankenfurters? 
What breakfast cereal was invented at Battle Creek Sanitarium 
What type of fruit is a damson? 
Thin round Mexican maize cake 
Which vegetable is also known as the spinach beet or seakale beet? 
What drink was invented by John Pemberton in 1886? 
Which bean is used to produce a tin of baked beans? 
From Which Fruit Is Grenadine Made 
The hot dog was originally imported to the US from which city? 
How is steak tartare cooked? 
Sauce containing mushrooms shallots, white wine and herbs 
What delicacy comes from fattened livers of geese? 
Which countrys does one associate with the following foods or drinks: 'Kasutera' 
What P word is the name given to a German Black Rye Bread? 
Who released the following album 'Larks tongue in aspic' 
How would you say 'house wine' in 'Spanish' 
How many gallons of beer are there in a firkin? 
What Is The World's Best-Selling Chocolate Bar? 
Often eaten for breakfast, the egg comes from what barnyard animal?
Iceberg, Boston, and Bibb are types of _________.
Booze Name: 1/2 oz. light rum, 1/2 oz. dark rum, 1 oz. orange, lime, pineapple juice
How would you say 'house wine' in 'Italian' 
What Do You Wrap Beef In When Preparing Boeuf Wellington 
By what name is the love apple better known? 
A tayberry is a cross between which two fruits 
In Monty Pythons The Meaning Of Life What was Mr. Creosote's very last course? 
Which sauce is named after a river and state in Mexico? 
From what is the Mexican dish huevos rancheros made? 
If You Asked For Scraps In A Chippy What Would You Get 
What is the fruit flavour of Cointreau? 
A Cocktail Known As TNT Comprises Of Tequila, Neapolitan Brandy, But What Does The Second T Stand For? 
Which country house in the south of England gives its name to a summer drink of claret, soda, and sugar? 
Cocktails: Cognac (brandy) and white creme de menthe make a(n) _____________.
Which drink is served in a Schooner? 
Cocktails: Bourbon, sugar and mint make a(n) ___________.
Approximately How Many Coffee Beans Make Up An Expresso Measure 
 What is the name of the syrup drained from raw sugar
Which Restaurant Crtic Took Over From Jonathan Meades In The Times 
Who wrote the novel Cakes And Ale? 
What nationality is the lager producer, `grolsch'? 
What Do You Call Champagne Mixed With Orange Juice 
What is the main flavour in the following alcohol 'Amaretto' ? 
Vodka and Kahlua make up which type of cocktail 
According to the TV Ad, which beer is said to be 'Good for you'? 
What can be six litres of Champagne or the oldest person mentioned in the Bible? 
Of which vegetable are Globe and Jerusalem varieties? 
Cornflakes were invented in What Year 1863, 1890 or 1915 
Mustard, ketchup and onions on a hotdog are all __________.
Which region of France does claret come from? 
What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Cointreau' ? 
What Drink Has The Words 'Quality Tennessee Sour Mash'' Written On The Label 
Who invented the Egg McMuffin 
What Is Amontillado 
From which country does the dish paella originate? 
What berries give gin its flavour?
Vermicelli literally means ___________.
Baked Alaska has meringue on the outside , what does the meringue cover? 
What, on a bottle of wine, is the punt? 
What is bottled in Jeroboams? 
Poppin Fresh' Serves As The Mascot For Which International Food Brand? 
What Are Escargots 
What Is Tabasco 
In which South American country is the city of fray Bentos? 
 Iceberg, Boston, and Bibb are types of _________.
Which ingredient gives Earl Grey tea its distinctive flavour? 
From Which Country Does Edam Cheese Originate 
Often Used In The Production Of Spirits, What Is The Fruit Of The Blackthorn Tree Called? 
 Is a schnitzel a sweet or a savoury?
Cumberland Sauce Is Tradiotionally Served Cold With What 
Which vegetable is also a Welsh emblem? 
What does 'V.S.O.P' Stand For On A Bottle Of Wine Or Sherry 
Polish cake filled with candied fruits and nuts.
What is another name for the carambula 
By Value What Is The Most Popular Food Or Drink Consumed 
Traditionally what type of meat is used to make a mousakka? 
Tequila is made from an extract of which species of cactus?
When It Comes To Food & Drink What Does The Scorville Scale Measure? 
Valpoliccella Is A Red Wine That Originated From Which Region Of Italy 
Who Was The Weather Man Who Famously Denied Reports Of A Possible Hurricane In 1987 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Shaved fish' 
This liquor brand accents a Scarlet O' Hara or a Rhett Butler
What is 'water of life' in 'Latin' 
Which scottish river supplies over 90% of the water used in whiskey manufacture? 
Which Vegetable Can Be Oyster, Chestnut, or Shitaki? 
What type of pulses are used in humous? 
Which herb is used to flavour Pernod? 
How Did Caprese Salad Get It's Name 
From Which Country Does Bulls Blood Originate 
Which cocktail consists of Tia Maria, vodka and coke? 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Buddah and the chocolate box' 
What flavour is the drink Kahlua? 
Taramasalata Is Made From The Roe Of Which Fish 
An American frying pan is called what? 
From Which Nut Is Marzipan Derived 
What the V.O. in Seagrams V.O. stands for?
What type of pastry would be used for a jam roly poly? 
In which country did edam cheese originate 
What Does A Charcuterie Sell 
In What Decade Did Sliced Bread First Appear? 
Who was the female russian dancer who had a desert named after her? 
What Is A Kipper 
Who Sang The 1967 Hit 'Drink Up Thy Zider' 
A Calzone Is A Folded Stuffed What? 
What is severe Vitamin C deficiency called? 
What Are Prunes 
Which drink, one of Shakespeare's favourite tipples, is distilled from honey? 
At That Temperature Centigrade Does Water Boil At 
What are the main ingredients of a Horse's Neck? 
What is a cross between a blackberry and a raspberry 
What Is Ravioli 
What is gazpacho? 
From which fish do we get caviar? 
How Did Chocolate Get It's Name 
What type of food is associated with 4th July celebrations, is it a curry, a Roast Turkey, a picnic, or a BBQ? 
What First Went On Sale In America In 1886 
The Prongs On A Fork Are Actually Known As What 
From Which Fruit Was Marmalade Orginally Made 
What is the French word for a cake shop? 
Which Foodstuff Links Gary Lineker and The Spice Girls? 
Which Famous Wine Region Is Centred On Reims 
Ireland, the UK and Turkey rank first, second and third in the world in the consumption of what? 
What pastry is used to make Profittaroles 
What is a vitamin D deficiency called ? Seven letters, fifth letter is an 'E' 
What equivalent English course is antipasto? 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Moldy peaches' 
Petit Fours means literally 'little ovens'. What are they? 
What Is Tofu Also Known As 
Which two popular fruits are anagrams of each other? 
If I'm mixing you a drink using ginger ale, grenadine and a cherry, what am I making? 
The Commercial distribution of which meat was banned by law in Germany in 1986? 
If you ordered a dish of Mountain Oysters or Cape Cod Turkey what would you receive? 
Booze Name: 1 ounce of light rum and the juice of 1/2 lime, top with cola.
What cooking term is given to a garnish of spinach? 
What cocktail is based on rum and lemon?
With which flavour is the liqueur Cr?me de Cassis associated? 
What Does 'OG' Stand For In The Brewing Industry 
What was the first ever chocolate bar produced by the Mars Company? 
In Shakespear's Hamlet, which herb is said to be 'for rememberance' ? 
A Skillet Is A Pan Generally Made From Which Material 
What causes baker's itch? 
Individual bananas are called ?
What Is Borsch 
Cognac (brandy) and white creme de menthe make up which type of cocktail 
What Is The Name Of The Baked Batter Portions Traditionally Served With Roast Beef In Britain 
If you were eating escargots in a French restaurant what would you be eating? 
Cocktails: Whiskey, hot coffee, and whipped cream make a(n) _________.
What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Curacao' ? 
What Foodstuff Is The Most Advertised In The UK 
Which two stouts are brewed in cork? 
From Which Fruit Is The Liqueur Kirsch 
Whiskey, hot coffee, and whipped cream make up which type of drink 
What Ingredient Is Added To Gin To Make It Pink 
How many bottles of champagne are in a magnum? 
 What type of food is pitta (pita)?
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan?
In 1989 in which brand of confectionary did blue replace brown? 
What is another name for the star fruit 
 What is Japanese "sake" made from
Company that brews Michelob beer
What country produces Wiibroe beer? 
If you were eating aloo in an Indian restaurant what would you be eating? 
Who released the following 'edible' album 'Chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavoured water' 
What Exactly Is Saffron 
Gin and Collins mix make which type of Cocktail 
What Is Ghee 
Which Chef Created The 'Peach Melba' In Honour Of An Australian Opera Singer 
How would you say 'house wine' in 'German' 
Which famous French chef invented the Peach Melba in 1893? 
What are bigoli, farfalle, rigati and pansotti? 
What spirit is added to brandy to make a sidecar?
Which drink, which has been illegal but is being imported once again, is made from the leaves of the wormwood plant? 
How is steak cooked if cooked blue? 
Cocktails: Vodka and Kahlua make a ___________.
How Did Spaghetti Alla Puttanesca Get Its Name 
What is the minimum age for a three star brandy - is it three, five or ten years? 
Which dessert was created in honour of a famous ballet dancer? 
From what animal do we get venison 
Natural vanilla flavoring comes from this plant.
Toasted Bread, Covered With A Mixture Of Cheese, Pale Ale, And Mustard Is Often Referred To As what 
Indian deep fried triangular pasty 
Who released the following album 'Bitches brew' 
What is the smell given off by wine called? 
Where is Scotland's largest malt whisky distillery? 
In the Arab world, to eat or share what with someone is an expression for hospitality ? 
From which flower does the expensive spice of saffron come from ? 
The Name Of Which Dish Literally Translated Means 'Outside The Work' 
Which alcoholic drink would you need to make the cocktail Tom Collins? Vodka, Whiskey or Gin? 
During the reign of Charles the II, what 'black enemy of sleep and copulation' was called a magnet for political dissent by the King and was condemned as a den of dalliance by Puritans? 
Which cocktail would you find in a toolbox? 
A tayberry is a cross between which two fruits?
Of which vegetable are Globe and Jerusalem varieties 
What is the name of the liquid butter made from cow or buffalo milk which is used in Eastern Countries? 
Which Rap Act Includes 'MC Taboo' And 'Will I Am' In Their Line Up? 
What spirit is used in fortifying red wine to create port? 
What Food Do You Use Up More Calories Eating Than You Gain Through Consumption 
Which food connects Blanche Ames, Lord Lambourne and Willis Williams? 
In which English county is Brie made? 
Forks Were Originally Known As What 
Where Exactly Were Cornflakes Invented 
Who released the following 'edible' album Pies 'Descalzos' 
What is the common name for goobers, pindars, groundnuts, or grass nuts? 
What Spirit Is Used To Fortify Red Wine Thereby Creating Port 
What is a lift for food in a restaurant known as? 
How or when can one eat angel hair or bridegrooms? 
In The Dish 'Devils On Horseback' Of What Are The Devils Made 
From What Country Does Advocaat Originate 
Vodka or gin, ____ juice and sugar make a gimlet.
What is 'water of life' in 'Scottish Gaelic' 
What type of pasta resembles a bow-tie in shape 
What Tradionally Can You Eat When There Is An R In The Month 
What Is Sodium Chloride Better Known As 
From which fish is caviar obtained 
Where Might You Find Lactose 
What Is Bombay Duck 
What Is The Term Used To Describe Pasta That Is Cooked Correctly 
What is the name of the syrup drained from raw sugar 
Which Scottish Dish Is Boiled In The Stomach Lining Of A Sheep 
Where is most of the vitamin C in fruits 
What is the French name of the pate made from goose or duck liver? 
What drink comprises Rum, Coconut Milk and Pineapple? 
What Are The Ingredients Of A Pina Colada 
Which TV soap features a short chocolate animation at the beginning of each episode? 
Which Italian phrase is used to describe pasta cooked only until it offers a slight resistance when bitten? 
What Type Of Food Is Pepperoni? 
Which drink was once advertised with the slogan: 'I'm only here for the beer'? 
What is the name of the irish whiskey illicitly made from barley? 
What "secco" means on a bottle of Italian wine
What Type Of Foodstuff Was Invited By Charles Jung 
 Little round chocolate candies are known as _&m's.
What famous product did cerebos manufacture? 
What Is The Name Given To The Flat Indian Bread Resembling A Pancake? 
Who had a big hit with `Sweet Like Chocolate' in 1999? 
What are dried plums called 
Eggwash is generally used for what purpose? 
What are the ingredients of the cocktail Cuba Libre? 
What is the main ingredient in the soup Borscht?
Which drink is named after the Duke of Beaufort's seat and is a long, refreshing drink of claret with soda water and sugar? 
What Does The Term 'A La Carte' Actually Mean? 
After Whom Is Caesar Salad Named 
A great companion to Stilton Cheese, which drink comes in Ruby, Tawny and Vintage varieties? 
Which type of rice should be used to make the italian dish risotto? 
Adding this to a mere martini makes it a Gibson.
What was discovered by the McDougall Brothers in 1864 after an experiment with phosphatic yeast? 
What is the fruit flavour of a traditional crepe suzette? 
From Which Plant Does Rum Come From 
What Is The Principle Ingredient Of Mayonaise 
Who is the Roman god of wine? 
 Often drank, this liquid is normally harvested from female cows.
What is bouillon? 
 Where is the best brandy bottled
What Bird Is Traditionally Eaten For Thanksgiving 
What Does Demi Sec Mean On A Champagne Bottle 
From What Is Sake Made 
Often drunk, this liquid is normally harvested from female cows.
What vegetable is known a zucchini in the USA? 
To make Drambuie, you add some honey to what type of whiskey?
What sort of cheese would you sprinkle on spaghetti? 
Where Did Worcester Sauce Originate From 
In which country do red onions originate? 
Booze Name: 2 oz. gin, juice of 1/2 lemon, 1 tsp sugar, pour over ice cubes.
There are only two perennial vegetables. Rhubarb & What? 
What Is Calamari 
With What Food Might You Associate Arbroath 
A black Russian cocktail is made with one part coffee liqueur and two parts of which spirit? 
What is the name of the Scandinavian alcoholic drink made from Potatoes? 
After 1066 the French introduced such joys as cidre to England with 'staggering' success. If pears replaced apples in the process, what was it called ? (Clue, if needed, a famous lawyer.) 
What is a `kiwano', a spiky orange fruit, a fish dish, or a cocktail? 
Generally speaking, on a restaurant menu, what might be presented in the style referred to as Macedoine? 
These beans are the most often used in the production of bean sprouts.
What are Pershore eggs and Marjorie's seedlings? 
Which TV Chef Shares His Surname With A Popular Holiday Island Populated By Uk Tourists? 
What is the main constituent of Guacamole? 
What berries give gin its flavour 
In Which City Was Chop Suey Invented? 
Italian egg-shaped tomatoes are named after which fruit? 
The Turkish dish of small pieces of meat and vegetables cooked on a skewer? 
What colour is pistachio nut, often used in ice cream and confectionery? 
Saffron Comes From The Stamen Of Which Flower 
What On A Bottle Of Wine, Is The Punt? 
What breakfast cereal was invented at Battle Creek Sanitarium?
What Is The Main Ingredient In A Black Pudding 
Which ingredient was added to ale in Bavaria around 900 AD and worked the Wonder that gave us beer 
What name is given to rough cider distilled from withered apples? 
The flop 1960's diet drink Minivitine was a spinoff of this drink mix.
What does iron deficiency cause?
In which country did the word 'biscuit' originate?
What Was The First Nationally Distributed Beer In The USA 
What Is The Earliest Known Cereal To Be Cultivated 
Which German spirit is flavoured with caraway seeds and distilled from potatoes? 
If wine is made from grapes what is Tequila made from 
 Where was Budweiser first brewed
What is beeswing? 
What are the ingredients in the most famous trick pie? (in English literature) 
Pilaf is this cooked in a broth of meat or poultry.
From What Is The Red Food Dye Cochineal Derived 
Chives are a member of which family of vegetables? 
Who, according to the TV commercial, `makes exceedingly good cakes'? 
 What colour is the flesh of an avocado?
What did Charles Jung invent?
What Type Of Sauce Traditionally Goes With Roast Beef 
Who invented fortune cookies?
How is a drink served when it is described as Frappe? 
Which fruit is a cross between a peach and a plum? 
What drink did Paul Daniels and Debbie McGee advertise singing off-key around a piano 
What fruits are usually served 'belle helene' 
What type of pastry is usually bought frozen in wafer thin slices 
Which Fast Foon Advertised With The Slogan 'Wheres The Beef'' 
If you wanted to buy liver sausage in the US, what product name should you look for? 
What is the full name of the flavour enhancer MSG?
A Tagine Is A Speciality Dish That Originated In Which Country 
For What Would You Use A Kilner Jar 
Foie Gras Comes From The Liver Of Which Animal 
From what animal do we get venison?
Where Does Key Lime Pie Come From 
Of what is bonito a variety? 
If you were served crudit?s as a starter before your main meal, what would you be eating? 
What Vegetable Is Also Known As Zuchinni 
Who Invented Muesli 
What Type Of Foodstuff Is A 'Rollmop'' 
What was taken ver by Ray Kroc in 1954? 
In which country did edam cheese originate?
In The Dish 'Angels On Horseback' Of What Are The Angels Made 
Webb's Wonderful and Winter Density are varieties of which vegetable 
A cluster or bunch of bananas is called a ?
What is Armagnac? 
How many people in the world are classified as chronically undernourished ? 
Rioja comes from which country? 
Boston butt, jowl, and picnic ham are all parts of a what 
Which Alcoholic drink is the main ingredient of the cocktail 'Zombie'? 
What is the name of cold Spanish soup made from peppers and tomatoes? 
Where Might You Find 'Dead Mans Fingers' 
What herb is used most often in garnishes? 
In Which Country Were Fortune Cookies Invented 
What is laver? 
What country is the home of the relish called chutney? A=Korea, B= China, C= India, D= Japan 
The top fast food chain in the USA by revenue in 1995 was McDonalds. Which was second? 
What Does Chilli Con Carne Mean 
Name the only fruit named for its color.
Thick spicy fish soup from Provence 
Which chicken dish is named after a battle in the Napoleonic wars? 
Which brewery makes 'Abbot Ale'? 
Which sweet treat is often found at the Ambassador's parties? 
Which Spirit Is Pimm's No 1 Based On? 
Booze Name: Vodka, tomato juice, lemon, tabasco sauce, salt, pepper, celery salt.
What Milky Drink Is Often Drank On New Years Eve 
Almond liqueur that comes from the Italian for "bitter", not "love"
What alcoholic beverage is produced by the Solera method? 
What is the main ingredient of the Korean Soup Bosintang? 
Which Food Has A Name, Which Literally Means On A Skewer? 
In The World Of Music How Are 'Cheryl James & Sandra Denton'' More Commonly Known 
What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Cassis'? 
What is Japanese Drink 'Sake' Made From 
From what is the liqueur kirsch made?
What color is a Remy Martin bottle
What is the name of the turkish dish of vine leaves filled with rice, chopped meat and onions? 
What is the cocktail called, that consists of four parts of tequila to two parts of lemon or limejuice? 
What colour is extra-virgin olive oil 
What are the essential ingredients of a daiquiri?
Which sauce is made with mayonnaise and chopped pickled gherkin? 
How many noggins in a pint? 
What Is The Fruit From The Ananas Comosus Called 
Duke Richelieu brought it to France after visiting Mahon, city on Minorca.
The lack of what vitamin causes beriberi (numbness in the hands and feet)?
In 1981 Which Producer Of The Bond Movies Received The Irving G Thalberg Memorial Award? 
Which Childrens Tv Show Featured Segments Entitled 'Danger Island, Arabian Knights, Micro Ventures & The 3 Musketeers'' 
What name is given to a cockerel that is castrated and fattened for the table? 
From Which Birds Nest Is Birds Nest Soup Made 
What Is Calvados 
What bottles of Chianti are traditionally covered with
What Is The Best Selling Flavour Of Haagen Dazs Ice Cream 
Name the only fruit named for its color 
What Is The Name Given To The Flat Unleavened Indian Bread Resembling A Pancake 
Unlike other oranges, what does a navel orange not have?
How many pieces of bun are in a Mcdonald's Big Mac?
Where were the first European coffee houses opened? 
What is the flavour of the Greek drink 'ouzo'? 
What does the abbreviation A.B.V. Stand for in alcoholic drinks? 
The founder of Weight Watchers.
What are the two main ingredients to Kedgeree 
Mind your p's and q's' was a phrase meant to watch how much you had to drink, but what did the letters 'p' and 'q' stand for? 
In which countries would you find the following city 'Gin Gin '? 
What is the world's best selling wine? 
Once upon a time, the consumption of foods made with what, often caused ergot poisoning (Holy fire or St. Anthony's fire), resulting in progressive gangrene and/or mental derangement ? Three letters 
What is the salted roe of a sturgeon called? 
Triple sec, tequila, and lemon or lime juice make up which type of cocktail 
Which US state exports the most wine? 
What Traditionally Might You Eat On Shrove Tuesday 
What Is Usually Served With A Fruit Fondue 
What Type Of Star Is Awarded To Restaurants Where The food Is Of Exceptional Quality 
What drink did Dom Perignon invent? 
What Is The Most Popular Purchase At The Grocers 
What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Sambuca' ? 
Which Restaurant Was Jamie Oliver Working In Before He Found Fame As The Naked Chef 
Which Type Of Beans Are Used To Make Baked Beans? 
What Are Pontefract Cakes Made From 
From What Kind Of Animal Is Rennet Obtained 
Which two fruits are crossed to make an ugly fruit? 
Bruschetta is what? 
What Traditionally Should Accompany Haggis 
In which country was ice cream invented? 
From which country does the 'lassi' originate?
Which European nation were the first to drink tea? 
From Where Does Sherry, The Fortified Wine Originate 
What Type Of Wheat Is Pasta Traditionally Made From 
What Is The Main Ingredient In Meringue 
Which Country Drinks The Most Coca Cola 
By What is the seasoned jellied loaf made from the head of a pig generally known? 
How many herbs and spices are used in Kentucky Fried Chicken?
What is Britain's top selling fruit flavoured soup? 
What drink is named after the queen of England who was famous for her 'sanguinary' persecution of the protestants?
From Which British City Do Balti Dishes Often Used In Indian Cuisine Originate From 
What Is The Most Popular Chocolate Bar In The UK 
Rum, lime, and cola drink make up which type of cocktail 
Not to be confused with spatchcock, which creature might be split and grilled or fried in a manner known as spitchcock? 
What is the flavour of the liqueur Kahlua? 
On the dessert menu what is the name given to a mixture of Fresh or dried fruit in syrup? 
Which is the most eaten fruit in the world? 
Vodka, orange juice and Galliano make up which type of cocktail 
Gazpacho is a type of what? 
What is a sorbet? 
What is sauerkraut? 
How Is Goose Known In France 
Which Chain Of Restaurants Have The Nickname 'The Golden Arches'' 
Which Are Larger Winkles Or Whelks 
How is a herring turned into a kipper? 
What fruits are usually served 'belle helene'?
Where Might You Encounter A Balti 
Kale is a variety of which winter vegetable? 
In Greek Mythology, what was the food of the Gods? 
Where were Cornflakes invented?
What Is The Third Most Popular Soft Drink In The UK 
What is the main ingredient of Paella? 
What Is The Name Of The Dish Of Cold Meat Served In Aspic 
Which country is the ancient home of chocolate? 
What French Word Is Used For The Water Ice Often Served Between Courses To Refresh The Palette 
If food is `au naturel', what does this mean? 
Which alcoholic drink is named after a Welsh Pirate? 
Which Famous Chef Released The Controversial Cookbook 'How To Cheat'' In 2008 
What jelly is traditional accompaniment to Lamb 
What is the UK's best selling chocolate bar? 
In which country did the word 'biscuit' originate 
Australian city home of Castlemaine XXXX Export Lager
Which Mixer Was Used To Take Quinine 
Which Fruit Is The Main Ingredient Of The Relish Guacamole? 
What three main ingredients are added to mayonnaise to make a Waldorf salad? 
What was Bretts last supper in the film Pulp Fiction ? (food and beverage) 
Plashing' is a term used to describe the collecting or gathering of what kind of nuts? 
What Is Aioli 
Which drink is sometimes referred to as Adam's ale? 
Devils on horseback are prunes stuffed with almonds and wrapped in what? 
Ethanoic (or acetic) acid is the major constituent of which everyday condiment?
From Which Fish Do You Obtain Cavia 
How Many 75cl Bottles Of Champagne Would You Get From A Jeroboam 
What colour is caffine?
Which food crop does the Colorado beetle most often attack? 
Which drink was advertised with the slogan 'There's a Humphrey about'? 
What B Is A Mexican Dish That Translates Into English As Little Donkey? 
In Australia, what are a 'middy' and a 'schooner'? 
In which country did chocolate originate? 
Which mammal appears on the Bacardi Logo? 
Blanket And Honeycomb Are Both Varieties Of Which Food Stuff? 
Which spice is obtained from crocuses? 
What nut is used to make marzipan?
Which stout is Dublin world-famous for? 
From what is mead made? 
From what German region do Hock wines come? 
Which fish is smoked and cured and called 'finnan'? 
Which fruit is traditionally covered with toffee at a fairground? 
Where is the best brandy bottled?
What Type Of Drink Lended Itself To The Title Of A Number One Single For All Saints? 
 Often eaten for breakfast, bacon is actually the flesh of what barnyard animal
What Is The Country Of Origin Of Red Stripe Lager? 
Which American Chef Wrote 'Kitchen Confidential' 
What was the name of the highly diluted rum that was once given to British sailors? 
What is the most expensive type of Bottled Brandy 
What were the two major crops used by the Aztecs ? 
Coquille St Jaques is a fancy name for what? 
What did Queen Elizabeth I, most Popes and Adolf Hitler all insist on having at their dinner table ? 
What Is The Hemispherical Pan Used In Chinese Cooking 
How Did Garam Masala Get It's Name 
What Is A Roux 
 Rum is made from this plant.
In An American Restaurant What Are Home Fries? 
What does the HP stand for in HP sauce? 
What Happens If You Add Water To Pernod 
For Which Occasion Was Vichyssoise Soup Created 
