In 1951 Howard Hawks Produced The Thing. Who Directed The 1982 remake, Starring Kurt Russell 
What amendment to the u.s. constitution ended prohibition 
Where Did Napoleon Bonaparte Die In Exile? 
What country did poinsettias originally come from? (Mexico,Us, Spain ,Brazil) 
Who Became premier of Cuba in 1959. 
According to the song what did my true love give to me on the fifth day of Christmas 
What asian leader was known as the little brown saint 
Who was the ruler of the USSR from 1917-22? 
The land that would eventually be known as oklahoma was part of the what in 1803 
William the First was crowned on Christmas day, but in what year 
In The Film 'Halloween' For How Many Years Was The Killer Locked Up In An Asylum Before He Escaped 
In 'Bridget Jones Diary'', Bridget Jones makes a New Years Resolution, to sort out her life, meet a man and keep a diary, but who played Bridget Jones 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Nineth"" Day Of Christmas" 
In Which Modern Day Country Would You Find The Region Known As Transylvania 
In 1959, Berry Gordy Jr. started a small record company called 
Which great American inventor died in October 1931? 
Which Olympics did the US boycott? 
What English city was known to the Romans as Venta Bulgarum?
What was the leading cause of death in the late 19th century?
Where In Egypt Is The Tomb Of Tutankhamen 
*What were the 'character' names of the 3 lead women of Charlie's Angels? (PFE)* 
In What Year Did The Vietnam War Begin 
Who Wtote The Book 'How The Grinch Stole Christmas' 
Who had a hit with the smooth and soulful You To Me Are Everything ? 
The Gold Coast gained its independence from Great Britain in 1957 and renamed itself as what 
Which Football Team Became The First To Win The European Cup Winners Cup In 1963 
How do you write 69 in Roman numerals?
In which country was the Rosetta Stone found
What Was The Contribution Of Actress Mercedes McCambridge To Linda Blairs Performance In The Excorcist 
What's the oldest college in the u.s. 
Where in the UK would you go to celebrate 'Uphelia'' shortly after Christmas 
"What Is The Name Of The Toy That Arnold Schwarzenegger Desperately Tries To Get For His Son For Christmas In the Film ""Jingle All The Way""?" 
On what date did America become an independant nation?
Alphabetically Which Is The Last Of Santa's Reindeers? 
Dr. Christian Barnard performed the world's first ever what in South Africa in 1967. 
Godzilla first made his mark so to say in 1954. What do the Japanese call Godzilla ? 
What Connects Kenny, Everett, Annie Lennox, And Sir Isaac Newton 
The second line of which carol is '… When they are both full grown'' 
What notorious event occurred on the 24th October 1929? 
Whose epitaph reads, free at last, free at last, thank god almighty, i'm free at last 
In What Year Was Band Aids 'Do They Know Its Christmas' The UK Christmas No.1 Single 
Who was UK Labour cabinet minister and social reformer Frank Pakenham better known as? 
Who was known as 'the peanut president'?
What toy was released in 1957 creating an instant craze among children? 
In What Year Was The Chinese Republic Established 
Who Was Declared Dead On New Years Day 1953 At The Age Of 29? 
In which country do they pound rice into a glutinous form using a huge hammer? 
Of which Cambodian party was Pol Pot the leader?
Which Revolutionary Icon Was Killed On 9th October 1967 
Which Actor Of The Silent Era Was Known As 'The Man Of A Thousand Faces' 
What Was The Name Of The Son Of Cleopatra & Julius Caesar 
Which TV Character Owns A Talking Cat Called Salem 
Which member of the Beatles got his first drum kit on Christmas Day 1957 
Which U.S. President was the first to have a Christmas tree in the White House? 
Name The 8 Reindeer From 'The Night Before Christmas' Poem 
Who assassinated John Lennon?
How Long Was The Hundred Years War? 
"What Was The Name Of The Character That Henry Travers Plays In The Movie ""It's A Wonderful Life""" 
Who Played The Title Role In The 1960 Hammer Production The Curse Of The Werewolf 
Who Is The Youngest Member Of The Rolling Stones 
What region is the world's largest exporter of Christmas trees? 
Formed in 1955, with which island was the organisation known by the acronym EOKA associated? 
Which Famous Artist Was Shot And Wounded By Valeria Solanis In 1968 
Which French Ruler Was Finally Defeated In 1815 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Trans-Europe Express 
How Many Gold Rings In Total Did My True Love Give To Me (Think About It) 
Who was the first person to break the sound barrier?
When the choctaw indians were moved to oklahoma,they brought their crack police force with them. what were they called 
When was the Greek alphabet first used?
Released in 1978 what were the names of the two gangs which John Travolta and Olivia Newton John belonged to in the movie `Grease'? 
How Does Good King Wencelesas Like To Eat His Pizza 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled John Barleycorn Must Die 
Which singer sang 'I Believe In Father Christmas'' 
Ghost Town' was the only number single released by which British band 
Which British alternative band takes its name from a character in the film To Kill a Mockingbird ? 
This French peasant girl led the army to victories.
Christmas Island Is A Territory Belonging To Which Country 
Who released an album called 'Ghost in the Machine' 
In 1953 Science fiction author L.Ron Hubbard founded which cult religion, one of who's prominent modern day followers is John Travolta 
*The war in Vietnam ended with the fall of Saigon in what year?* 
*What movie earned Steven Spielberg his first hit in 1975?* 
Where did Churchill, Roosevelt and Stalin meet in 1945?
"How Many gifts Would you receive if you received all the gifts in the song ""The 12 Days Of Christmas"") Is It 196, 296, 364, 398 " 
After who was America named?
What's the claim to fame of abraham zapruder 
In which hospital would you find Sir Lancelot Spratt? 
Who In 1963 , Became The First Film Star To Earn A Million Dollars For A Single Film 
Talking of Holland, traditionally Santa doesn't actually deliver the presents who does, is it, Rudolph, Santa's servant Black Peter, A goat named Ukko or Thirteen Elves 
What was the initial capital of USSR?
Which country was the first to allow women to vote in 1893? 
*What was the name of the scandal that forced President Nixon to resign?* 
Which TV show portrayed the lives of performing arts high school students 
In which war was Bunker Hill a major battle? 
In which European country did the use of Christmas trees originate 
Who Was Ptolemy Dionysius Related To As Both Brother And Husband 
Who was the first female American astronaut ?
When And Over What Was The First British Referendum Held? 
What planet was 'ALF' from? 
According to the Bible who is Jesus's father 
The Christmas Tree Displayed In Londons Trafalgar Square Is Traditionally Donated By Which Country 
Britain's first stretch of motorway was opened in 1958 to bypass which northern town (now a city) 
For what is the eighteenth and nineteenth century sailor Sir Francis Beaufort best remembered? 
Who imported the first Go set into Britain ?
Near what falls did Jimmy Angel crash his plane in 1937?
What name was given to the Allied invasion of North Africa in 1942? 
What was the name of the character on the 1st Garbage Pail Kids Pack? 
Which 1976 Film Is About A Persecuted Schoolgirl With Psychokinetic Powers 
Which witch did Ozzy Osborne sing about in 1980 
After Henry VIII, Who Was The Next Member Of British Royalty To Get Divorced? 
What band got their name from the sixties movie Barbarella? 
At which battle did Nelson famously (turn a blind eye) to orders to disengage? 
In The Ukraine what does it mean if find a spiders web In your house Christmas morning is it, good luck , bad luck, winter will be unusually cold 
Who Invented The Christmas Cracker 
What was the first product to have a barcode?
In what year was Band-Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas the UK Christmas chart-topping record? 
He was the captain of the "Mayflower".
In What Century was St Nicholas first Mentioned 
Who played the Spirit of Christmas in the 1988 TV film 'Blackadder's Christmas Carol'' 
Cleopatra's slaves often died because she tested this on them
Which country did Idi Amin invade in 1978? 
What Are The first Names Of The Everly Bros 
Who sang the theme song to the 'Breakfast Club'? 
Where were Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard both executed? 
Near which Belarus City did the biggest ever tank battle take place during WWII?
Is kissing under the Mistletoe, a Roman, Druid, or Celtic custom 
"Hot cockles"" was popular at Christmas in medieval times What was it? ""A Drinking Song"" ""A Medievil Game"" ""A Dish Of Seafood"" ""A Hot Spice Drink"" " 
What Was A Sopwith Camel? 
Which bank holiday was first celebrated in Britain in 1978? 
The Colosseum received its name not for its size, but for a colossal statue of who that stood close by?
What was the capital of East Germany?
In the fairy tale 'Cinderella'', which slipper did she lose, the left or the right 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Gasoline Alley 
Which Card Appeared In The UK For The Very First Time In 1963 
Which classic 1946 Christmas film features the line 'Daddy, every-time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings'' 
What is Myrrh? Is it a herb, a gum resin or an essence distilled from orchids 
"Which former star of 'Crossroads'' Played ""Meg Richardson"" And was born on 25th December,1923" 
How Many Colonies Signed The American Declaration Of Independence? 
What was Alexander The Great's wife's name?
In what country did "Sepoy Mutiny" occur?
Which Apollo mission carried Neil Armstrong and his cohorts to the moon? 
Who fixed the date of the Christian festival 'Easter'?
In the 1946 film, It's a Wonderful Life, what's the name of George Bailey's guardian angel? 
Who Was A Tory, then Became A Labour MP And Finally Lead The British Facist Party? 
I Am A Suburb Of California, I Have The Nickname (Surf City) and part of my name sounds the same as the surname as 2 Famous Hollywood Celebrities, Where Am I 
In Which Year Was The Berlin Wall Constructed 
The Character Of Mike Myers Features Heavily In Which Series Of Horror Movies 
Which Food Of The Gods Was Said To Give Humans Immortality? 
Which eighties cartoon ended with the phrase: 'And knowing is half the battle?' 
When Are Werewolves Expected To Appear 
What Was The Name Of The Character Played By Anne Bancroft In The 1967 Film 'The Graduate'' 
Who played George III in Beau Brummell? (Robert Morely, Alec Guiness, Cardew Robinson) 
Which 1992 Film Starred Goldie Hawn & Meryl Streep As 2 Woman Going To Extraordinary Lengths To Preserve Their Looks 
In 1978 which famous comedy returned for a second series, four years after the first had been shown 
In the US what was known as Armistice Day until 1954? 
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a father trying to get the must have toy, Turbo Man, in which 1996 film 
Who said: when i look at my children, i say lillian you should have stayed a virgin 
What did the Romans call Scotland? 
In which country do families dress a stuffed male doll with old clothes from each member of the family and then burn it, symbolizing forgetting all the bad things of the old year? 
In which European city did composer Richard Wagner die in 1883? 
What do historians call the journey made by Mao to the Northwest of China after Chiang Kai-Shek had driven his forces out of the South and East?
What Opened In 1955 in Anaheim, near Los Angeles, California. 
What was the name of the witch in the tv show emu's world 
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter's mill 
The horse Khartoum plays a 'deciding' role in which classic 70's film ? 
Who built the Taj Mahal?
Who became president of South Africa in 1989?
He was stabbed by Gaius Cassius Longinus.
Which American Military Academt was established in 1802 on the Hudson river ?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Kimono my House 
Which is the name of the killer in A Nightmare on Elm Street 
Introduced in 46 BC by Julius Caesar, how many months was the Julian calendar divided into? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Next 
Which actress played the role of Samantha stevens in the tv show bewitched and for a bonus point who played her in the 1990 movie version 
What Was The Name Given To Textile Workers Who Opposed Modernisation During The Nineteenth Century? 
Who was made Lord Mayor of London in 1397, 1398, 1406 and 1419? 
Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy Are 4 Of The Seven Dwarfs Name The Other 3 (PFE) 
This Sioux Indian toured with Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show.
Who Wrote The Book Alice In Wonderland 
What was the name of the paperboy whose 1978 murder sparked a massive manhunt by British police? 
In 1975, what re-opened after an 8 year closure?
In which country do some people eat long noodles to to wish for a long life? 
What Is The Name Of The Summer Camp In The Friday The 13th Movies 
In which city were the Hanging Gardens
Which geographical location was the first word spoken on the moon? 
"Macaulay Caulkin's folks left him ""Home Alone"" in the original 1990 movie Where did they go? " 
What was the name of the space shuttle that exploded? 
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown' is a critically-acclaimed and very popular animated halloween television special based on a comic strip by which American cartoonist 
What do Care Bears do when fighting enemies? 
Which Very Famous Horror Story Was Written By Gaston Leroux 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Here Come the Warm Jets 
In which country did the Boxer Rebellion take place?
What was the D-Day invasion password?
Moondance' was a hit for which male singer 
What famous artist could write with both his left and right hand at the same time?
If you licked Mr T's booty, it would taste like___ 
During which conflict is The Caine Mutiny' set? 
Where did the Birkenhead sink?
What was the third country to get the "bomb"
Which Of Hitler's Deputies Flew To Scotland In 1941? 
What two mountain ranges did hannibal and his elephants march through in 218 b.c 
Who asked, Ever Fallen In Love? 
In Which Year Did A Soviet Cosmonaut Make The First Spacewalk 
According To The Song How Many Drummers Drumming Were There 
George Washington Carver advocated planting peanuts and sweet potatoes to replace what?
Who shot President James Garfield?
Who said 'public service is my motto'?
Which poisonous concoction was Socrates given to drink to carry out his death sentence?
What was the first transatlantic radio message sent ?
Grease The Musical Opened On Broadway In 1973 How Many Performances Were There 
Which president was responsible for the Louisiana Purchase
Humphrey Bogart, who was born on Christmas Day 1899, said the line 'Here's looking at you kid.'' In which film? 
Who built Camelot?
What was the nationallity of Rasputin ?
In 1979 who was revealed to be the fourth Russian spy in the Burgess, MacLean and Philby affair? 
What is the more common name for the plant Viscum Album? 
Yorkshireman William Strickland is believed to have brought the first what to Britain from North America in 1526? 
Who Is The Only British Prime Minister To Have Been Assassinated? 
Which Spanish explorer first travelled to Jamaica?
What was the name of the society heiress who stole 8 million pounds worth of pictures in 1974 and was sentenced to 8 years in prison 
He ordered the persecution of Christians in which Peter and Paul died.
What 'C' Was A 1992 Horror Movie And A 2006 Hit For Christina Aguilera 
How Many Points Does A Snowflake Have 
Which Was The First Town To Be Liberated By The Allies On D-Day? 
Who was known as "the wizard of Menlo Park" ?
Which Film First Featured A Character Called Pinhead 
Who directed the movie 'An American in Paris? 
Eras are divided into units called ________.
What did Temujin change his name to ?
Which actor from The Harry Potter Films Also starred in The Movie Dracula 
What was the only state george mcgovern carried in the 1972 presidential election 
Which Country Was Divided Into North And South In 1954 after communists took control of government. 
In 70's CB Radio Slang What Is A 'Smokie'' 
Two 747's collided here in 1977.
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Tenth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Who Was The First President Of The United States? 
What caused the gremlins in the movie Gremlin to become evil? 
What was first worn on the 10th October 1886 ?
This Queen of France was beheaded in 1793.
"In which famous Christmas Song is a snowman pretended to be ""Parsons Brown""?" 
Who Succceeded Hitler In 1945? 
Ex tv detective, turned crooner. Who sang Silver Lady? 
Which Of Santa's Reindeer Shares It's Name With A High Street Store 
In What Year Was Robert Kennedy Assassinated? (2 Points Spot On, 1 Point Year Either Way) 
Which group had a one hit wonder with 'Book of Love''? 
Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI created which principality in 1719? 
What was the last chinese dynasty?
What Was The Coronation Year Of Queen Elizabeth 2nd 
Which 60's Movie features The Line wise men and grocers, they weigh everything 
Who was the only survivor of Custer's last stand?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Superfly 
Who starred in the 1957 film showboat as June? 
Plus or minus 100 pounds (lb), how much did the world's largest recorded pumpkin weigh 
What age preceded the Iron Age?
What was Gary Gnu's catch phrase? 
Who Played Jack Nicholson's Wife In The Shining 
This U.S. president was fatally shot in 1881.
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Is There Something I Should Know' 
What Star Sign Would You Be If Your Birthday Fell On Christmas Day 
What was Alaska called before 1867?
In cockney rhyming slang what are 'Mince Pies'' 
Where do bathers traditionally go for a swim in Hyde Park on Christmas Day 
Which `Rocky Horror Picture Show' actor played Mocata in the 1967 film 'The Devil Rides Out' 
In 1954 Roger Bannister achieved the worlds 1st Sub 4 min mile in what English County did this take place 
From what were Jack-o-Lanterns first made in U.K. 
In 1902 this volcano erupted, killing 30,000
"What brought Frosty the Snowman to life? (""Pixie Dust, A Kiss,Magic Snow,An Old Silk Hat"" " 
Who invented crop insurance?
From what country did the U.S. buy the Virgin Islands?
Who was the first dog in space ?
Live Aid was to benefit which starving country? 
What Shakespearean king was actually king of Scotland for 17 years?
How Did UN Secretary General Dag Hammarskjoeld Die In September 1961 
In which English town was the Co-Operative Society formed in 1844? 
What type of animal is a caribou? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Madman Across the Water 
Who discovered the Grand Canyon?
Which artificial fiber was invented in 1938 ?
Christmas Crackers is cockney rhyming slang for which part of the male anatomy? 
What food was almost non-existent in Ireland in the 1840's?
Who starred in Funny Girl and Lawrence of Arabia? 
If you kiss someone under the mistletoe, what should you then remove 
With Which War Is Florence Nightingale Associated 
For which label did Elvis first record? 
Which Horror Film Star Was Portrayed In An Oscar Winning Performance By Martin Landau In Tim Burtons 1994 Film About Cult Filmaker Ed- Wood 
"When are the '12 Days of Christmas'? ""Dec 14th - Dec 25th) - (Dec 21-Jan 1) - (Dec 26 - Jan 6) - (Christmas Eve-Jan 4th) " 
What eighties TV show starred Bruce Willis in a detective agency? 
Which Axis Powers In World War II Fought With The Allies In World War I? 
According to some legends, what holiday decorating practice is attributed to spiders? 
Which 60s film was the true story of Helen Keller 
Who was, "First in war, first in peace and first in the hearts of his countrymen"?
What wonder stood 32m high in rhodes harbour?
What is the name of the summer camp in the Friday 13th movies 
Alanis Morrisette appeared on what 80's cable children's show? 
Soleil Moon Frye was the real name of which young eighties sitcom star, whose character name was also the title of the show? 
Which famous mathematician and astronomer was born on Christmas day in 1642 
What 'SG' Do The Salt And Pepper Say To Eachother At Christmas Time 
Who wrote Auld Lange Syne? 
Who took the title "Lord Protector of the Commonwelth of England, Scotland, and Ireland" ?
Which 1950s films took place in Hawaii 1941 
The festival of Halloween was first celebrated by which ancient tribe 
In the Christmas song 'White Christmas' what did children listen for? 
Which actress caused a sensation by appearing naked in the opening scene of the 1957 film _And God Created Woman _directed by her then husband Roger Vadim 
Name the loner rebel reindeer with the red shiny nose.
In The Inspirational 1946 Film 'Its A Wonderful Life' What Is The Name Of George Baileys Guardian Angel 
Who shot Abraham Lincoln?
In 1785, Blanchard and Jeffries became the first to cross the English channel using which method of transport? 
Who led 900 followers in a mass suicide in 1979?
Which (Age) Occured Between The Stone And The Iron Ages? 
Who signed the 'thanksgiving proclamation'?
What is the name of the telescope that was placed in orbit in the eighties? 
Which former dictator was executed by firing squad on Christmas Day 1999 
What colour was Rudolph the Reindeer's nose? 
Whose Scary Movie Character Has The real name is Charles Lee Ray 
Between which countries was the shortest war in history?
What was the name of the rich boy that Andie was asked to go to the senior prom with in the movie 'Pretty in Pink'? 
Which eighties musician got sued by a music related company for using their name as part of his pseudonym?* 
Who plays the role of the Prime Minister, in the 2003 Christmas film 'Love Actually'' 
Those big black CD's that you see at garage sales that people call "albums" are made of _____.
December 26th is traditionally known as Boxing Day but it is also which Saints Holy Day 
What did jack the ripper sign on his first note 
Neptune Was The Roman God Of The Oceans, What Name Did The Greeks Use? 
What was Thailand formerly known as?
Santa Claus reportedly lives at the _____ Pole.
In which year did the UK hand over Hong Kong sovereignty to China? 
Strawberries are the undoing of an unhinged man in which 50s film ? 
What Are The Names Of The 3 Wise Men Who Brought Gifts To The Baby Jesus 
What did President J. Buchanan not have
What revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee 
Name the toy that consisted of color pencils and plastic which you would put in the oven to create. 
Who invented the thermometer in 1593? 
Who wrote the book 'The Shining' on which the 1980 Stanley Kubrick film was based 
After The Fire made 'Der Kommissar' popular, but which eighties musician performed it originally? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled The Grand Tour 
Gangster Al Capone, boss of the Chicago underworld, was finally gaoled for 11 years for what crime?
3 Singers Have Sung The Opening Line The Christmas Favourite Do They Know Its Christmas (PFE) 
What Process Is Used For Dating Ancient Organic Objects? 
What Year Saw The Imposition Of Martial Law In Poland 
Who was the female Prime Minister of England throughout the eighties? 
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'There're all gonna laugh at you' ? 
Which corporation opened it's new headquarters in Portland Place, London in May 1932? 
Name the author of Dracula 
Which 60's Movie features The Line he's very clean 
How Many Crusades Were There? 
What was Joseph's job? 
In Which Year Was The Battle Of Trafalgar Fought? 
Who Described Russia As (A Riddle Wrapped In A Mystery, Inside An Enigma)? 
If a girl puts the letters of the alphabet face down in water, how will she know who she will marry 
London's Trafalgar Square Christmas tree is traditionally given by which country? 
What is New Year's Eve called in Scotland? 
Which drug, later found to have devastating side effects, was launched in 1958 to help pregnant women overcome morning sickness 
What Are Monsters With Only One Eye Called 
What was the name of Eddie Murphy's character in Beverly Hills Cop? 
What did Pennsylvania legalise before any other colony?
Who did the singer Lulu marry in 1969? 
This Roman killed himself after his defeat at Actium.
What Is The Significance Of The 1976 Film 'To The Devil _____ A Daughter' 
In which American state is George A. Romero's 1968 film 'Night Of The Living Dead' set 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Rock 'n' Roll High School,' 
The American comedian and actor William Claude Dukenfield, died on Christmas Day in 1946. How was he better known? 
With With Horror Film Would You Associate The Character Leatherface 
In What Year Was The General Strike 
In which US City was Martin Luther King assassinated in 1968? 
What Did Frosty The Snow man Have For A nose (Carrot, Button,Cherry,Coal) 
Which famous actor is honored in a statue in Leicester Square?
Which 1950s films took place in Chicago and Miami 1929 
What Happened At Max Yasgur's Dairy Farm In New York State During 15-17th August 1969 
What American feminist went bust as a silver dollar
Who said: "Let them eat cake."
"Who banned Christmas Carol's in England between the years of 1649 and 1660? ""Oliver Cromwell"", ""King Charles II"", ""Queen Victoria"", ""Queen Elizabeth I"" " 
In Medievil England What Name Was Given To The Area Presided Over By A Lord 
According to the bible, who were the baby Jesus's first visitors 
Mark David Chapman was famous for what in 1980? 
This Spaniard conquered Mexico.
What Christmas Item Was Invented By Liondon Bakery And wedding Cake Specialist 'Tom Smith' In 1847 
Who discovered Christmas Island on Christmas Eve 1777 
How Did Darth Vader Know What Luke Skywalker Got For Christmas 
1955 saw the worst ever disaster in motor racing history when a Mercedes Benz hurtled into the crowd at which French race track, killing 86 people in total 
Which 60's Movie features The Line back in your gilded cage Melanie Daniels 
"What Native Language Would Jesus Christ Have Spoken ? (""Hebrew, Sanskrit, Arabic, Aramaic"" ) " 
Which Belgian noble woman was sentenced to death for bathing in the blood of servant girls she had murdered in order to keep her young 
Which Queen Had An Extra Finger? 
Which Band Was Rod Stewart A Member Of Before Going Solo 
Who was the first Windsor monarch of the UK? 
On which date is Epiphany celebrated in the traditional Western calendar? 
What Became The Tallest Building In England In October 1965 
What Were Frosty The Snowmans Final Words 
To what position was John Masefield appointed in May 1930? 
What Was The Name Given To The French Goverment Which Collaborated With The Nazis? 
How Many Films Were Made In The Jaws Series 
What was George A Custer's horses' name?
What country is Men Without Hats originally from? 
What was E.T.'s favorite candy? 
In 1647, the English parliament passed a law that: Let Prisoners spend Christmas At Home, Gave Santa Immunity To Burglary, Made Christmas An Official Holday, Made Christmas Illegal 
In which country do they eat 12 grapes as the clock strikes midnight (one each time the clock chimes) on New Year's Eve? 
Who had a Christmas No 1 with 'There's No-One Quite Like Grandma'' 
What was Max Headroom's network number 
In the Bible who sent out a dove to find land 
Which Crime Did Sirhan Sirhan Say He Had No Knowledge Of But Was Later Executed For In 1969 
Which country did St Nicholas come from? 
If you were offered a 'spotted dick' after Christmas dinner, what could you expect? 
In which popular 1950s film is a character played by Audrey Hepburn given 24 hours to do as she pleases in the eternal city ? 
What company made PacMan? 
From which film do we get the song 'White Christmas'' 
What Colour Are Holly Berries 
Where Was The Roman's First Colony Based In England? 
Which Act Gave People Temporary Release From From Prison To Prevent Starvation? 
Israel occupied the West Bank.  It belonged to _______.
What Was Anne Frank Famous For? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Pretzel Logic 
Who sang No More Heroes? 
The three buildings of the Acropolis are the Propylaea, the Erectheum, and the _________.
Which Apollo space mission put the first men on the moon ?
As what was Taiwan formerly known?
What was the maiden name of Wallis Simpson, for whom Edward VIII abdicated in 1936? 
Who does Jamie Lee Curtis play in 'Halloween 20 years later (H20) 
Who played Norman Bates in the 1998 remake of 'Psycho' 
How many years were between the creation of the Magna Carta and the American Declaration of Independence ?
"In the TV show ""The Simpsons"", who or what is Santa's Little Helper?" 
From which phrase is the word Halloween Derived 
On what did Marley's ghostly face first appear to Scrooge in Dickens' A Christmas Carol 
What 'IR' Does Michael Fish Say To His Wife When The Heavens Open On Christmas Day 
The current image of Santa Claus as a plump man with white beard and red and white tunic dates from a 1931 Advertising campaign, for which product 
How many astronauts manned each Apollo flight?
Who was kidnapped on the night of March 1, 1932?
Which name belongs rightfully to The Craft Is It Bonnie, Shelly, Sally, Penny 
Who Was Henry Bolingbroke's Father 
In which country was Adolf Hitler born?
In 1953 Queen Elizabeth II was crowned following the death of her father George VI but what was his 'proper'' first name; David - Albert - Louis - Edward - George 
Which country is the largest exporter of Christmas trees? 
To What Did The Chant Hell No We Won't Go Refer 
Who killed who in 1963 in what is generally regarded as the first live televised murder? 
Which group released the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' 
What was the name of the government newspaper in ancient Rome ?
Where were the first books printed?
In Sabrina The Teenage Witch What Is The Name Of Sabrina's Cat 
Who was the founder of Live Aid? 
Which Actress Played Emma Peel In The Avengers 
Who was the first African-American female to win a Wimbledon Tennis event? In both 1957 And 1958 
Snarf' and 'Liono' are both characters from what famous 80s cartoon show? 
In which Massachusetts town were 20 people executed for witchcraft in 1692 
Which State Became The 47th US State In 1912 
`Is this the real life, is this just fantasy', is the opening line of which hit song? 
Which 1993 Disney Movie Starred Bette Midler As A Witch 
Which famous Tapestry Commemorates The Conquering Of England? 
On what date did 'The Wall' fall? 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Other Woman,' 
Which Character On TV Has The Real Name Of Eddie Fitzgerald 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Trafalgar 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus 
Which was the first magazine to publish a hologram on its cover?
He said, "I have nothing to offer but blood, tears, toil and sweat."
Which famous ship sank in 1912 ?
What Did British Troops Destroy In Washington DC In 1814 
What Was The First Reich? 
In 1893, this country was the first to give women the vote.?
What 'CP' Is One Of The Ghosts From A Christmas Carol 
Which country blew up a Greenpeace ship in New Zealand?
After the fall of the iron curtain, Russian leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced a period of restructuring known as ________.
Who Coined The Phrase (Goverment Of The People, By The People And For The People)? 
U.S. President, Herbert C. _________.
What Connects Richard Nixon, Lyndon B Johnson, Hubert Humphrey & Spiro Agnew 
What Reference Book Went On Sale For The First Time In 1955 
John F. Kennedy Airport used to be called __________.
Which is the most ancient walled city?
This U.S. Secretary of State won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1973.
Where Was A Famous (Tea Party) Held In 1773? 
In What Year Was The French Declaration Of The Rights Of Man (Liberty, Equality, Fraternity) 
Which US president said 'the buck stops here'?
In which film does a Moloko Plus loving Ludwig van fan live with his 'M' and 'P' ? 
Where did 'The Mayflower' take the pilgrims?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Tusk 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled The Scream 
What's the resting place of those buried at sea?
Which 1776 American Affirmation Asserted The Basic Rights Of All To (Life, Liberty & The Pursuit Of Happiness) 
What was The Eldest Son Of Edward III Better Known As? 
" What Letter Comes Next In The Following Sequence ""B, C, C, D, D, D, P, R"" 'Blitzen, Comet, Cupid, Dancer, Dasher, Donner, Prancer, Rudolph, Vixen'' " 
Who was King Of England During The Battle Of Agincourt? 
What was the second carry on film? 
What was the war during Regan's first term that took place on an island in the carribean? 
What father/daughter duo made 'Gag Me With a Spoon' a household phrase during the eighties? 
Who captained the HMS Beagle?
Who Was Prime Minister When Edward VIII Abdicated? 
The Christmas period of 1813-14 saw the last what in London? 
How old was John F. Kennedy when he became president
In the harbour of which city was the Greenpeace flagship Rainbow Warrior sunk in 1985? 
What fell into the pool in Caddyshack which caused a major exodus? 
Which U. S. President insisted on putting lit candles on the White House Christmas tree, even though it was a fire hazard? Calvin Collidge, Herbert Hoover, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt, 
What did the Romans call Wales? 
When was Julius Caesar murdered?
Which duo had a 1987 Christmas hit with a cover of the Elvis song 'Always On My Mind'' 
How Long Was The American Civil War 
Which singers Christmas favourite is having his `nuts roasting on an open fire___'? 
What was the name (4 letters) of the New York night club that helped launch the career of several early new wave groups? 
What country produced the world's first Christmas postage stamp, and when? 
Which Singer Starred In The Title Role Of The Film 'Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence'' 
What period is also known as the age of fish?
Which famous Giant Panda died at London Zoo in 1972? 
How Many Times Was Queen Elizabeth I Married 
Who in 1893 defined vegtables as plants eaten in a meal and fruits as plants eaten as dessert ?
Which 1945 Ealing Film Is A Sequence Of Supernatural Stories Told By A Group Of People In A Country House 
What was the contribution of actress Mercedes Mccambridge to Linda Blairs performance in The Exorcist 
Which city, famous for its 'Christmas Market', is also Known as 'The Gingerbread Capital of the World'? (Geneva, Bucharest,Nurumberg,Prague) 
Which City Was Engulfed In Lava From Mount Vesuvius In AD79? 
What was the name of the scandal that resulted in the resignation of president Nixon?
1954 again - in which English city did Roger Bannister become the first man to run a mile in under 4 minutes 
What Do 99% Of Pumpkins End Up As 
Where did the real St. Nicholas live? 
What Was Jackie Kennedy's Name Before She Married John F Kennedy 
What is the all-time best-selling Christmas recording? (White Xmas, Jingle Bells, Frosty The Snowman, Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer) 
Which 50's Movie features the Line 'Hey Stella!' 
What did 18 British Museums & Art Galleries Start To Do In 1974 
The American M4 tank is better known as what?
What name did the indians give the black soldiers that were fighting against them in the late 1800's 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Muswell Hillbillies 
When Did Napoleon Bonaparte Begin His Reign As Emperor Of France 
Israel occupied the Golan Heights. Whose territory was it
What Is The Name Of The Serial Killer In The Film Halloween 
What age preceded the Iron Age
After which famous person in history was the teddy bear named? 
Which group had a Christmas No 1 with 'Lilly The Pink'' 
Which British prime minister died in 1965 ?
What show featured Nell Carter as a larger than life housekeeper? 
*'Afternoon Delight'' was the only major hit for which one-hit-wonder group?* 
Which Spanish King Sent An Armada Against England In 1588? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled In Rock 
Which Coronation street character, played by Jean Alexander, made her last appearance on Christmas Day 1987 
Which British coin ceased to be legal tender in 1960? 
Which two European leaders signed a non-aggression pact on 23 August 1939? 
Biko was involved in what protest movement? 
Germany was split into two zones by which agreement?
Which Scottish actor famously sang in the film Darby O Gill & the little people? 
The Charge Of The Light Brigade Occured During Which War 
From which era does the custom of carol singing originate? (Edwardian, Victorian, Middle Ages) 
Who was the mother of Elizabeth I?
What Was The Colonial Name Of Ghana 
What country started the tradition of exchanging gifts? 
What is the common name for cercis canadensis, the state tree of oklahoma 
In what year was the first English translation of the Bible completed? 
She was called "The Maid of Orleans".
Who sang Its a Heartache, nothing but a heartache? 
Who did dita beard work for 
Who did the los angeles times endorse in the 1964 preisential election 
Which Wild West legend was born Henry McCarty? 
Who sailed to the new world in 'The mayflower'?
Who said: "Let them eat cake"?
Which emperor made his horse a senator?
What Was The Function Of Press Gangs In The Early Nineteenth Century? 
What Is The Name Of The Bad Guy In The Friday The 13th Series 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Third"" Day Of Christmas" 
For how many years did the 30 Years War last? 27, 30 or 36? 
Pop Star Marty Wilde Had A Baby Girl In 1960 What Did He And His Wife Call Her 
Which pain relieving product was subjected to a public relations scare in the eighties? 
What 'HHH' Does Santa Do In His 3 Gardens 
This Chinese dynasty lasted from 1368 to 1644.
Great Britain Was The First Country To Issue Postage Stamps But In What Year 
In What Year Did The Great Fire Of London Occur 
How many witches in a coven 
What is the 15' by 18' cell that 146 captured british officers were forced into by indian troops in the 19th century called?
Where does Santa land his sleigh? 
What daughter of czar nicholas ii is said to have escaped death in the russian revolution 
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'Blessed are the cheese makers' ? 
Who was the New Zealand mountaineer who in 1953, together with Sherpa Tenzing Norgay, became the first person to reach the summit of Mount Everest 
Which 1964 Movie Had The Alternative Title 'How I Learned To Stop Worrying & Love The Bomb'' 
When Cook Discovered The Hawaiian Islands What Did He Name Them? 
What cult-fav eighties movie features John Lithgow from another dimension? 
Who is known for his 'theory of evolution'?
The General Strike, Called In 1926, Supported Which Union? 
What company used the little aligators as it's symbol on clothing? 
In Which Year Did The Battle Of Hastings Take Place? 
What tree is mentioned in the Christmas song 'Twelve Days of Christmas' ? 
How Old Was Edward VI When He Became King? 
Who was nick named Hanoi Jane in 1972 because of her enemy propaganda broadcasts from Vietnam? 
Name The Ship In Which Columbus Discovered America? 
Who invented the wristwatch?
Whose Election slogan Was (You've Never Had It So Good)? 
Muhammad Ali Took On George Foreman In The 'Rumble In The Jungle'' In what Country Did This Take Place 
Elizabeth I was the daughter of which king?
By what name was Baron Manfred von Richthofen better known? 
According to the Christmas song what was the only present asked for? 2 Front Teeth, 5 Bath Cubes, 4 Bars Of Soap, 3 Pairs Of socks 
"Which of these was not one of the twelve apostles ? ""Jason,Bartholomew, Phillip, Thaddaeus"" " 
Which police-dog was one of Stalin's favourites?
What animal is Snowball in George Orwell's book Animal Farm? 
Who was the President of Egypt in 1956 who nationalized the Suez Canal causing British and French troops to invade the region 
Which Instrument Of Torture Had a Hinged Case Full Of Spikes? 
How many times was franklin roosevelt elected president 
Alexander the Great was king of which country ?
What Was The Name Of The North Sea Oil Rig That Caught Fire In 1988 
Who was Joseph Merrick?
Who had a hit with Schools Out in 1972? 
Which Chinese Dynasty Lasted From 1368-1644? 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Queen of Hearts' 
What treaty, signed in 1713, ended the War of the Spanish Succession?
Presepe in Italy refers to what Christmas tradition? 
What made the crew sick in the movie Airplane? 
He discovered the Grand Canyon.
What is the weight of the largest pumpkin in the world is it A 1046 lbs B 1246 lbs or is it C 1446 lbs 
What was the name of Charles Lindbergh's plane in which he completed the first non-stop solo trans-Atlantic flight? 
Orson Wells directed Charlton Heston and Janet Leigh in which 1958 film? 
What was the board game introduced in the eighties which featured six categories of questions and little pie shaped pieces you had to collect? 
Name Jacques Cousteau's research ship.
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Sheet Music 
"Which Is The Only Football Team In The 2006/2007 Premiership Which Doesn't Contain Any Of The Letters Of ""Santa"" In It's Name?" 
What changed in 1752 which caused Britain to have a White Christmas less frequently thereafter? 
The Song 'White Christmas ' Was' Performed In Which 1942 Film 
Israel occupied the West Bank. It belonged to _______.
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'It's pronounced Fronkensteen' ? 
Which film first featured a character later named Pinhead 
This organization was founded by William Booth.
Who wrote the book, that was the basis for the 1982 animated film, 'The Snowman'' 
Who gave john f. kennedy a dog named pushinka 
In Halloween, Michael Meyers wore a Halloween mask of what famous character?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Blue 
Who married actress Nancy Davis?
Who built the Lambarene missionary station?
What Was Founded In The Reign Of Henry VIII For The Protection Of The Royal Person? 
In which country do people go to the beach to jump seven waves and throw flowers in the sea while making a wish? 
Where did Gerald Durrell open his zoo in 1958? 
Where did Guinevere retire to die?
In Scotland, what vegetable was traditionally carved into a jack-o-lantern was it A Potato B Turnip C Pumpkin 
Which Singer Born On Christmas Day Released A Debut ASlbum Entitled No Angel 
Who was the first person to swim the English Channel?
What was the name of the vehicle in which Sir Malcom Campbell broke the 300 mph barrier in 1935? 
Who was given the only Nobel Peace Prize award during WWI?
Which 1950s films took place in Burma 1943 
Which Band Were At The UK Christmas Number One Spot In December 1979 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Twelth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Which former Labour MP formed the New Party in 1931? 
A mysterious cloud of pesticide and radiation causes a disturbing reversal for Scott Carey in which classic 50s film ? 
In which 1970's films does Dustin Hoffman play the character ' Babe Levy' ? 
King Abdullah was assassinated in 1951. Of which country was he king? 
Churchill, F.D. Roosvelt and Stalin met here in 1945.
The first ever Olympic Games to be held south of the equator opened in which city in 1956 
What toy was in short supply for the 1983 Chirstmas season? 
Famed as a member of the Rat Pack, who died on Christmas day 1995 
Which novel opens and closes with the letters of Robert Walton 
Who was Cary Grant's female lead in the movie 'To catch a thief? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Autobahn 
Which Mother & Daughter Both Appeared In John Carpenters Film The Fog 
What was the name of the first ironclad warship ever launched?
What did presidents Madison, Monroe, Polk, and Garfield have in common
Which Country Was Awarded The George Cross For Civilian Bravery In 1942? 
What Was Formerly Called Stingray Harbour? 
In which 1998 remake did Matthew Broderick play Dr.Niko Tatopoulos (Pronounced Tat-Oh-Pool-Loss) 
In What Year Did Neil Armstrong First Step Foot On The Moon 
Who directed the 1976 movie 'The Omen' - The first part of the omen trilogy 
In 1978 which famous comedy returned for a second series, four years after the first had been shown? 
Name The British Liner That Sunk On Its Maiden Voyage In 1912? 
What was The poem A night before christmas originally called (The Night Visitor, Santa Claus Is Coming To Town, A Visit From St Nicholas, A Christmas Visit) 
John F. Kennedy Airport in New York used to be called __________.
General Sherman burned this city in 1864.
Where did the Bay Of Pigs take place?
" Which of the following was not one of the Three Kings? ""Balthazar"" - ""Melchior"" - ""Soloman"" - ""Caspar"" " 
What did the person chained to wall in Goonies want? 
What Chinese dynasty was overthrown in 1911
What did Sir Howard Carter discover in 1922? 
What was the nationality of the prisoners in the "Black hole of Calcutta"?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Out of the Blue 
He was assassinated on Dec. 8, 1980 in New York City.
Name the U.S.S.R. leader with a birthmark on his forehead? 
How many wise men where there? 
When Was The Abolition Of The Death Penalty Made Permanent In Great Britain 
In Halloween, what is the middle name of Michael Myers 
The St. Valentine's Day massacre took place in this city.
In which country do people wear white clothes in order to have good luck during the new year? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Hunky Dory 
"Which Oscar Winning Actor Played Scrooge In ""The Muppet Christmas Carol""" 
How many days after john f. kennedy's assassination was lee harvey oswald shot 
The three wise men allegedly brought gifts of Gold, Frankincense and Myrrh, spell Myrrh 
How did John Belushi die? 
What snack food was portrayed in claymation dancing to 'Heard it Through the Grapevine'? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Oxygene 
What is the only national spectator sport originating entirely in the united states 
Where was the Rosetta stone found ?
What was the sister ship of the olympic 
Name The Queen Of England Who Ruled For Nine Days? 
Of which ship was Miles Standish captain?
How many sides does a snowflake have? 6,8,10,12 
Who Led A 125 Mile March Of Child Worker To Theodore Roosevelt's Vacation Home On Long Island 
Which popular poem was alternatively known as A Visit from St Nicholas? ' 
Who was, "First in war, first in peace and first in the hearts of his countrymen"
Who was the last of the apache warrior chiefs 
Oklahoma statehood in 1907 became a sure thing. in part due to the discovery of what 
What Colour Are The Berries Of The Mistletoe Plant 
The fear of halloween is known by which other name (Fourteen letters) 
Who Was The Mother Of James 1st Of England? 
Who ruled rome when Christ was born?
Who Moved Into His Factory On New Yorks East 47th Street In 1963 
Who Was The Last King To Sit On The English Throne 
"In the Christmas song 'Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer' how is his nose described? ""You would even say it ___"" " 
What Was The Name Given To Those Who Campaigned For Social Reform In England Between 1836 & 1858? 
In which 1944 film were Trick and Treat children to be seen 
Approximately how many children did pharaoh Ramses II father?
Who Was The First Roman Emperor 
Who helps Santa make toys? 
"When visiting Finland, Santa leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a: ""BroomStick, Rudolph, A Goat Named Ukko, A White Goose"" " 
Which two words are inscribed on a Victoria Cross? 
Which Comedien started Writing For Private Eye Magazine Ensuring Its Success 
With two words, complete this BBC radio signal to the French Resistance in the film The Longest Day. The long sobs of autumns violins wound my heart with _____ 
Since 1923, the National Christmas Tree on the White House lawn has been lit every year _except _ one. What year was that, and why wasn't it lit? 
How did the bum convince the family dog to start eating again in Down and Out in Beverly Hills? 
If you attended a Swedish Christmas Party and were given 'Glogg'' what would you do with it, eat it, drink it or put it on your head 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Grievous Angel 
Which British city was named Deva by the Romans? 
Johnny Depp Made His Movie Debut In Which Scary Movie 
Which woman flew from England to Australia in 1930? 
Which Band Had A UK Christmas Number 1 With The Song 'Stay Another Day' 
Which vehicle designed by Ferdinand Porsche, went into mass production in 1936? 
Which country ruled Cambodia immediately before WWII?
What was the name of Punky Brewster's dog 
In the world of music how is 'Jiles P Richardson'' more commonly known? 
Who was the Taj Mahal built in memory of?
Where does Santa Claus live? 
What city was john f. kennedy nominated for president in 
Which 'following' word did Frederico Fellini coin and use for the first time in his film La dolce vita ? 
Who Was The First Catholic President Of The United States 
What city holds the distinction of opening the world's first public library in 1747?
Who rode naked through the streets of Coventry
What does ALF stand for? 
After Much Legal Wrangling Who Became The Controller Of 'The News Of The World'' In 1969 
The song White Christmas was first performed in which 1942 film? 
Clement C. Moore wrote a very famous Christmas poem What was it called? 
In Which Scary Movie Will You Find The Character Martin Brody 
Who succeeded Churchill when he resigned in 1955
Which houses fought the War of the Roses?
Who ruled England at the time of Shakespeare?
This is said to be history's greatest military evacuation.
Who penned the words, 'Hubble, bubble toil and trouble, fire burn and cauldron bubble' 
Which country traditionally provides Britain with a Christmas tree for Trafalgar Square in London? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Selling England by the Pound 
Who Wrote A Famous Diary Between 1660 & 1669? 
Who Directed The 1968 Classic Horror Movie 'Rosemary's Baby'' 
What did Julius Caesar cross to signal a revolt against the senate?
Which new country was formed in 1971 at the end of the Pakistan / India conflict? 
Germany's WW I allies were Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria, and ________.
What is the Roman numeral for fifty
As what was winchester known by the Romans?
Who Was The First Christian Emperor Of Rome 
Who was the last British Viceroy of India? 
What Was The Most Common Present Girls Above The Age Of 16 Have Asked For in 2008 
Which French king was known as the Sun King ?
Where was Nelson mandela in prison?
Which Christmas song contains the line 'Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful'' 
What are male witches called 
Amityville House On The Hill' was sung by who in 1986 
Which 1976 film starring John Travolta is about a persecuted schoolgirl with psychokinetic powers? 
Which of these women NEVER married Frank Sinatra? A= Mia Farrow, B= Ava Gardner, C= Lana Turner 
In the 17th century, if you were given Christmas Clap off someone, what have they given you? 
In which 1970's films does Dustin Hoffman play the character 'Louis Dega' ? 
Where was the 1962 world's fair held 
Who Was The Last British Monarch Born Abroad? 
If you were born on Christmas Day, what would your star sign be? 
Also known as the 'Isle of Apples', Christ and Joseph of Aramathea travelled here in ancient times.
What company made the first color arcade game? 
Which Country Hosted The Summer Olympic Games In 1952 A= Germany, B=Finland, C=France 
What year was NASA founded? 
How many spirits appeared to Ebenezer Scrooge in Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol? 
Originating from a story about an Irish blacksmith, you ran into the Devil in a pub, what name is given to a pumpkin if it has a face carved into it and is illuminated by a candle 
Which actor, an archdeacon in the TV series all gas & gaiters died in January 1979? 
Which group had a UK No.1 in 1981 with The Song 'Ghost Town' 
Originally native to Mexico what is traditionally known as the Christmas flower 
Who was the first ghost appear to scrooge in the dickens classic a Christmas carol? 
In Which City Was John F Kennedy Assassinated? 
Sputnik 2 Was Launched Into Space In 1957 What Was The Name Of The Dog That Was On Board 
What time would you watch 'Late Night With David Letterman' on NBC? 
"What is the connection between ""Comet"", ""Cupid"" and ""Vixen""?" 
What is the name of the German Officer who lived and died in Madrid and rescued Mussolini?
Which character in a Disney cartoon, wanted to make a coat out of 101 Dalmatians 
The state motto for oklahoma is labor omnia vincit, which means what 
Oklahoma's recorded History began in 1541 when what spanish explorer ventured through the area on his quest for the lost city of gold 
In which city was President Kennedy killed
What two mountain ranges did hannibal and his elephants march through in 218 b.c. 
These fighters always began a bout by saying, "Hail Emperor, those about to die salute you."?
What Did Frenchman Andre Turcat Do On 2nd March 1969 
Who appeared on the back of a US banknote in 1875?
Who Was The Last British Monarch To Lead His Forces Into Battle? 
Who is recognised as the father of geometry?
The Monument in the City Of London is a monument to which event? 
Traditionally are the 12 Days of Christmas, before or after Christmas 
Which country was previously known as the Dutch East Indies? 
21 October 1805 Is The Anniversary Of Which Famous Battle 
He led 900 followers in a mass suicide in 1979.
Which Famous Person Of Film And TV Wrote The Autobiography Tall Dark And Gruesome 
How old was John F. Kennedy when he became president?
Jadis the White Witch is the villain in which children's book 
What was the destination of the ship 'Mary Celeste' on it's final voyage November 1872, where it should never arrive ?
Where did the most famous encirclement of the Nazi troops during WWII take place?
Who Knocked Out Floyd Patterson To Win The World Heavyweight Boxing Title In 1962 
The first charity Christmas card was produced by UNICEF in 1949. The picture chosen was painted by a: A Chimp, A 7 Year Old Girl, A Pop Star, A Buddhist Monk 
What was Europe's first super-high-speed passenger train powered by?
Which Margaret Mitchell novel, later a successful film, won the 1937 Pulitzer Prize? 
In Which Country Will You Find Lapland? 
The "Bay of Pigs" fiasco took place in this country.
What is the name of the lead singer for the Smiths? 
Who drafted most of the American Declaration of Independence?
Jesus was allegedly born on Christmas Day, what Starsign would he have been 
Two groups have had three consecutive Christmas No 1's, the first was the Beatles, in 1963-64-65, name the second 
The date of which Christian festival was fixed in 325AD by the Council of Nicaea?
Which actress played the same part in all 3 Scream movies 
What kind of teeth did George Washington have?
What is the English title of the carol written in 1818 by Austrian priest Josef Mohr originally called Stille Nacht? 
Who denounced Stalin?
Which military battle took place in 1815?
Which does Carrie's Mother Warn Her Will Happen If She Attends The Prom 
Who played the first screen incarnation of Dr. Hannibal Lecter 
Where Did Harold McMillan Make His Famous Winds Of Change Speech In 1969 
Which fellow singer was Roberta Flack paying tribute to in her song 'Killing Me Softly 
How many astronauts manned each project mercury flight 
Who were Balthazar, Melchior and Caspar? 
Which Small Car Did Austin And Morris Launch In 1959? 
Which shop in Regent St is the largest toy store in the world 
Which Household Cleaning Product What Launched At The Savoy Hotel In 1960 And By The 1970's Was Being Used In 6 Out Of 10 UK Households 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Innervisions 
She was the first First Lady to be received privately by the Pope.
What did presidents Madison, Monroe, Polk, and Garfield have in common?
Which band member was Boy George allegedly seeing in Culture Club during the 80's? (Just name instrument he plays) 
Which toy, with a name meaning 'play well'' was launched by Danish toymakers Ole and Godtfred Kristiansen in 1958 
Who wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jeckyll and Mr Hyde 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Physical Graffiti 
During Which King's Reign Did The Great Fire Of London Occur? 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""First"" Day Of Christmas" 
In which country do people eat noodles while listening to a bell start ringing and strike 108 times? 
What is the fear of Halloween called is it A Samhainophobia B Hallowphobia or is it C Druiphobia 
Which former British prime minister returned to power in 1951? 
Which 20th century American icon died on Halloween After A Night Out At The Viper Rooms 
Which shipbuilding company constructed the Titanic? 
In 1976 which computer company was set up by Steven Jobs and Stephen Wozniak, marketing the first open system machine in 1977? 
`Witchy Woman' was a hit for which American group in the 1970s 
Who is identified with the word 'eureka'?
What Is Bob Dylan's Real Name 
Who Assassinated Robert Kennedy? 
In 'Sixteen Candles', what did the geek need to get to prove he had sex (which he got from Molly Ringwald)? 
Who sang Happy Birthday to John F. Kennedy for his 45th
Who Was The British Prime Minister Between 1964 & 1969 
In which country did this practice of 'Trick Or Treating' originate 
In What Year Did World War I End 
What is the popular name for little baked sausages wrapped in rashers of streaky bacon? 
Which James Bond Movie Is Set During The Christmas Period 
Which Family Live At 1313 Mockingbird Lane, Mockingbird Heights 
What Disaster Hit London In 1666? 
What 'BH' Do You Get When You Cross & Sheep With A Sweet 
Which Christmas carol includes the lyrics '___To save us all from Satan's power, when we were gone astray..'? 
Which hero, a Christmas panto favourite, marries Bedr-El-Budar? 
In which country did the Boxer Rebellion take place
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'Is it safe' ? 
Which German Grand Prix circuit was used for a Formula 1 race for the last time in 1976, when Niki Lauda was almost killed? 
Who released the Pet Shop Boys song `I'm Not Scared' in 1988 
What Was The Given To The Period From 1919 To 1933 When Alcohol Was Banned In America 
In 1957, who left the music business to become a preacher. 
In 1816 which US state was admitted to the Union as the 20th state? 
Who was the first English monarch to have a Christmas tree? (Elizabeth I, King George II, King James VI, Queen Victoria 
Theodor Geisel published an easy reading book for kids, featuring a cat. How is he more commonly known 
Who Shot Lee Harvey Oswald, The Assassin Of John F Kennedy? 
Who is famous for historically riding naked on horseback through Coventry, England ?
Spain ceded Florida to Britain in exchange for this territory.
What did British Honduras change its name to in 1973? 
What was Operation Sea Lion in WWII?
What Does Dracula Actually Mean 
What time does the train arrive in Hadleyville ? Clue. 'A mans gotta do what a mans gotta do' 
What pre-tv radio show turned film caused people to commit suicide when it was first aired?
If one takes inflation into account, which 1960's film was the most expensive film ever made ? 
Legendary magician Harry Houdini died in Detroit on Halloween in 1926 but what caused his death was it A Trick went wrong B Heart Attack or was it C Ruptured Appendix 
What Was Deciphed As A Result Of The Discovery Of The Rosetta Stone? 
What United States president was in office during the civil war?
Who Was England's Manager In The 1970 Football World Cup Finals 
What happened at 2:56 on the 21st July 1969 ?
Name any of James Dean's three films (Point For Each). 
How many astronauts manned each Apollo flight
Name the original comic strip Bill The Cat appeared in. 
The Beatles Were One Of The Biggest Phenomenon's Of The 1960's But Who Was Their Manager 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Destroyer 
The Halloween Tree' is a 1972 fantasy novel by which American author 
Name the TV show which featured an average housewife teamed up with a secret agent. 
In which war did Florence Nightingale earn her reputation ?
Halloween originated from which Pagan festival 
He was assassinated on Nov. 22, 1963.
What American feminist went bust as a silver dollar?
In 1960 Penguin Books Announced That They Would Be Publishing Which Controversial Novel 
The Christmas carol 'Away In A Manger'' … what is a manger 
What was the real name of Eric Morecambes partner 
Which Of Santas Reindeers Shares Its Name With A High Street Shop 
What Were The Six Farm Hands Arrested For Forming A Trade Union Better Known As? 
Alphabetically, Which Is The Last Of Santa's Reindeers? 
Which type of British fighter plane shot down 1,294 enemy aircraft in World War One? 
What was the predecessor of the United Nations ?
How did the tradition of serving turkey at Christmas originate? 
Which movie prompted the style of wearing cutoff sweatshirts over the shoulder? 
Which Shakespeare Play Begins With 3 Witches Upon The Heath 
This assassin of Julius Caesar was his friend.
Which Classic Scary Movie Features The Line 'They're Here' 
Name James Dean's three films. 
What did Henry Shrapnel invent?
Who was the first chancellor of West Germany after WW II
Which president was responsible for the 'Louisiana Purchase'?
What 'CE' Does Adam Call His Wife On December 24th 
Which country has the oldest national flag ?
Who committed the first daytime robbery?
Who was "The Mad Monk"?
Who was assassinated on December 8, 1980 in New York City?
For which European country did Mozambique declare independence in 1975? 
On the face of which mountain does the climax of North by Northwest take place? 
What Was The Name Given To The Coding Machine Used By The Germans In World War II? 
"Which of the following places is NOT a real U.S. city or town? ""Noel,Missouri"" - ""Santa Claus,Georgia"", ""St Nicholas Florida"", ""Snowflake,Texas"" " 
What was the name of the B-29 used at Hiroshima to drop the bomb?
This European war was named after a peninsula between the Black sea and the sea of Azov?
What is the common name for muscivora forficata, the state bird of oklahoma 
What was significant about the words (Watson, please come here, I want you) when spoken in 1876? 
What Major Event Occured In Russia In 1917 
On Which Date Does Halloween Fall 
In _Rocky,_ what does Apollo Creed's trainer warn him about Rocky Balboa? 
To What Was Byzantium Renamed In 330 AD 
What colour is Santa Claus' belt? 
What Saint's Day is celebrated on 26th December 
In What Year Was Abraham Lincoln Assasinated 
What was the first movie Disney released through a subsidary company that carried an R rating? 
*What arcade game became a hit in 1973* 
Which British Comedian Was At No.1 In The UK With The Song 'Tears'' 
Who Wrote The 1951 Novel The Catcher in the Rye? 
Who Is The Father Of Queen Elizabeth 2nd 
What war followed the shot heard round the world 
How many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 
What Happened To The Apollo I Spacecraft On 27 January 1967 
What did the license plate on the Delorean in Back To The Future spell out? 
Sugar and ground almonds are the ingredients for which part of a Christmas cake 
In Which Month Of Which Year Was The Six Day War Between The Arabs & The Israelis 
Ringing a bell on Halloween is said to do what 
Traditional in Germany at Christmas, what sort of food is stollen? 
Name The German Battleship Sunk In A Norwegian Fjord In 1944? 
Who plays the lead role of the accident prone Clark Griswold in the 1989 'National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation'' 
Who shot J.R. Euing? 
She was the first woman premier of Israel.
Where Did King John Sign The Magna Carta? 
How is the stockmarket collapse of the 24th October 1929 better known ?
Name the cartoon that featured characters who had messages on their clothes to express their feelings. 
What Type Of Ghosts Are Known To Play Pranks On Humans 
Which eighties sitcom featured Tom Hanks in drag on a regular basis? 
Mussolini invaded this country in 1935.
Who wrote the children's book 'How The Grinch Stole Christmas'' 
Which stormy couple had a hit with Nutbush City Limits? 
Which city was Axel Foley a cop in? 
Nanny, Sandra Rivett was the victim of which infamous murderer? 
She overcame her handicaps to become a lecturer and a scholar.
His wife was Roxana. His horse was Bacephalus. He was ________.
In 1921 Who Founded The First Birth Control Clinic In London 
Which token vegetable is often included in the ingredients of a Christmas pudding? 
In Which Century Did Lady Godiva Live? 
What was the nationality of Marco Polo ?
This war began on June 25, 1950.
Which nursery rhyme was the first gramophone recording?
Which 60s sex symbol was, in film at least, attacked by anti-bodies ? 
In what country did "Sepoy Mutiny" occur
What missionary station was built by Albert Schweitzer?
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'you talkin to me' ? 
How was the 1839-42 Anglo-Chinese war better known ?
In which century was the first pantomime in Britain 
In what language was the (Communist Manifesto) by Karl Marx written? 
The collective noun for a group of witches is a ____ of witches. 
What Were (Mulberries)? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Transformer 
"The words ""Myrrh is mine, its bitter perfume breathes of life, of gathering gloom___"" come from which Christmas carol?" 
What black muslim leader was assassinated on feb. 21, 1965 
Name the remake of a 1960's film with the aid of the following actors. The first actor was in the 60's original, the second actor played the same role in the remake David Niven and Daniel Craig 
Queen Cleopatra proclaimed herself to be which Egyptian goddess?
"In the Christmas song 'Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas' what ""will be out of sight"" ? " 
February 6th 1958 saw a plane carrying Manchester United home from a match in Belgrade crash during take-off at which city's airport 
What was the inexpensive designer watch of choice amongst teenagers during the eighties? 
What is the nickname of oklahoma 
Name The Slave Who Lead An Unsuccessful Revolt By The Gladiators Against Rome? 
How many countries joined the United Nations at it's start ?
Which 1972 musical won eight Oscars ? 'divine decadence darling' 
Whose radio production of War Of The World's caused panic in America in 1938? 
Through the streets of what town did Lady Godiva ride naked?
Which Popular Christmas Movie Featured A Must Have Toy Called 'Turbo Man'' 
In pantomime what is Alladin's surname 
Which British Crime Author And Dame Died In January 1976 Aged 85 
Which 60's Movie features The Line you wouldn't be able to do those awful things to me if I weren't still in this chair 
Deriving its name from the Latin word meaning knowledge and a Greek word meaning branch of learning which church was founded in 1954 in California, moving it's headquarters to Sussex in 1959? 
Which Wall Did The Romans Build To Keep Out Marauding Scots? 
In What Year Did Great Britain Gain Control Of Hong Hong 
Which Bond film does the character Dr Christmas Jones feature 
Which Actress Starred As Columnist 'Jane Lucas'' In The TV Sitcom Agony 
Which witch is credited in the Bible with raising the spirit of Samuel at the request of King Saul 
What is the most popular Halloween decoration 
What automotive flop was named for the only child of henry ford 
With three words complete this movie trailer catch line for the film Alien. 'In space no one can_____' 
Born on Christmas Day 1887, this American tycoon, created one of the largest hotel chains in the world (Surname) 
Who is generally given credit for the term 'Rock and Roll? 
What Happened To Alaska In 1867? 
Who is considered the father of medicine?
Played subsequently by Sarah Michelle Geller on tv, which character was played in a movie by Kirsty Swanson 
Who was King Arthur's foster-father?
Which country was split into two zones by the Yalta agreement?
Britain and Argentina fought over these islands in 1982.
In 1715 Louis XIV Of France Was Succeeded By Louuis XV What Relation Was He 
Who Was Nick-Named (The Desert Fox)? 
How Many Children Did Queen Victoria Have 
In Harry Potter And The Goblet of Fire, What ingredient was needed to resurrect the dark lord 
Which Annual Event First Hit Our Screens On The 5 th February 1988 
Traditionally children in Italy and Spain don't get their presents on Christmas day. On what day do they get them, is it Christmas Eve, Boxing Day, January 1st or January 5th 
In 1979, Jeremy Thorpe was found not guilty of plotting to murder whom? 
The USA's official National Christmas Tree is in which National Park? 
What did Rudolph never get to join in 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Cant Buy a Trill 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Germ Free Adolescents 
Axl Rose was an anagram for what phrase? 
Of which country did Robert Menzies become Prime Minister in April 1939? 
Who succeeded Churchill when he resigned in 1955?
How Many Men Were There In A Roman Legion? 
In 1986 the prime minister of which European country was assassinated on his way home from the cinema with his wife?
Which of the following was not a gift from a magi? (Diamonds,Gold, Frankincense,Myrrh) 
Who forced 146 captured British officers into the Black Hole of Calcutta?
Name the 80's band that named the sides of their first album Hardware and Software and also used samples from Star Trek movies in their songs. 
Who was the eighties group that was named after the inventor of the radio? 
What Christmas item was first introduced by Henry Cole in 1843 
13th July 1955 saw the last execution of woman in Britain - who was she 
Messala was the gad guy in which 50s blockbuster ? 
Who tried to create the 'Great Society'?
In The Movie 'Interview With The Vampire' Who Played The Vampire Being Interviewed 
What Is Worn Around The Neck To Keep Vampires Away 
Who Directed The 1968 Film Rosemary's Baby 
What was the first American colony to legalise witchcraft?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled The Pleasure Principle 
In The Charles Dickens Novel 'A Chrismas Carol' Who Was Scrooges Dead Business Partner 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Eleventh"" Day Of Christmas" 
How old was Alexander the Great when he died ?
In the Christmas carol 'Away in a Manger' where was the little Lord Jesus asleep on 
Who sang the theme tune to the James Bond. Movie 'The Spy Who Loved Me 
What city was founded in 753 BC ?
What was ITV's live pop music show called? 
Good King Wenceslas was king of which country? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Legalize It 
In 1950 which French designer created the so-called New Look 
What group landed in America in 1620?
In which body of water is Christmas Island? 
The Worlds First Travel Agency Was Founded In 1850 By Whom? 
Who plays the character of Chris Kringle aka Santa Claus, in the 1994 film 'Miracle On 34th Street'' 
In which year did the demolition of the Berlin Wall begin? 
What Venetian traveler and explorer landed in China and reached Kublai Khan's court in 1275?
What french port did 200,000 british troops flee on june 4th 1940 
The Simpsons Halloween Episodes are an annual tradition in which there are three separate, self-contained pieces. By which title are these episodes known 
On november, 16, 1907, oklahoma became the what number state 
Rorke's Drift was a battle in which war?
What was the first postage stamp ?
In The Tradition of the song the 12 days of Christmas if you add up all the legs and take away all the beaks what number are we left with 
Who said 'eureka'?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Fun House 
Who was Canada's first Prime Minister
Who Was President Of America At The Outbreak Of World War II? 
How many stab wounds did Julius Caesar have when he died ?
In Which 1982 Film Did The Freeling Family Move To A Haunted House 
How long does it take a Christmas tree to grow before it's harvested? 
What country is poinsettia native to? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Slayed? 
"What did my true love give to me on the ""Seventh"" day of Christmas" 
*What creature attacked President Jimmy Carter in a boat in 1979?* 
Which military battle took place in 1815
What city was destroyed by little boy 
How Old Was Elvis Presley When He Achieved His First UK No.1 With 'All Shook Up'' 
Who Were 'Kissing In The Back Row'' Of A Movie In 1974 
What do Karen, Richard and Joseph all have in common 
She was Queen of Egypt and mistress of Julius Caesar.
Who was the first chancellor of West Germany after WW II?
Which of these is NOT one of Santa's reindeer? (Donner, Dixen, Comet, Dasher) 
He allowed the bugging of the Democratic Committee headquarters.
Which 60's Movie features The Line by right she should be taken out and hung for the cold blooded murder of the English tongue 
Name the author of Frankenstein 
From Which Country Did Saint Nicholas Originate 
In film, the very secretative Alex Leamas came from where? 
Who graced the cover of the 1st 'Playboy' in 1953? A=Sophia Loren, B=Marilyn Monroe, C= Lauren Baccall 
What year did British Honduras become Belize? 
After the fall of the manchu dynasty, there existed three political parties in china: The KMT, Nationalists and The ______ ?
What famous soap opera duo reigned on General Hospital in the eighties? 
Who succeeded Winston Churchill as Prime Minister of England?
Who played an elf called Patch in the film 'Santa Claus the Movie'' 
In What Year Did The French Revolution Begin 
Which pie originates from medieval Christmas time? 
Who Played The Role Of Flick In The Tv Soap Neighbours 
In Which Tim Burton Film Did Johnny Depp's Character Have To Confront The Legend Of An Axe Wielding Headless Horseman 
In the Christmas song 'Let It Snow' what was the weather described as? 
Who did Tom Cruise marry on Christmas Eve 1990 
Transformers are whats in disguise? 
Which frontiersman died at the Alamo?
Which Band Turned Down A 1 Million Pound Offer To Play At The Shea stadium In 1967 
Where did the first atomic bomb explode 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Exile on Main Street 
The last line of this document is "Working men of all countries, unite."
What Christmas item was invented by London baker and wedding-cake specialist Tom Smith in 1847? 
Who Was Marie Antoinette's Husband? 
Which 1950s films took place in Altair-4 2280 
In which year did the Titanic sink? 
Which racist organisation was formed in Tennessee in 1865?
Which enduring western made its television debut On Sep 12th 1959 and ran until Jan 17 1973? 
In 1953 'Stalin Died'. Who ultimately succeeded him as the leader of the Soviet Union? 
What Canadian sketch comedy show helped launch John Candy's career? 
He ruled Rome when Christ was born.
Which computer manufacturer in 1984 advertised their new computer during the Super Bowl, and never re-used the commercial? 
"Who Wrote The Christmas Story ""The Snowman""?" 
Who was the second President of the USA? 
Who was the last American president to sport facial hair?
Which 1996 TV Christmas special, saw two of the stars dress as Batman and Robin, for a fancy dress party 
Oklahoma has more man-made ___ that any other state 
Germany's WW I allies were Austria_Hungary, Bulgaria, and ________.
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Abraxas 
What are you supposed to remove after kissing someone under the mistletoe? 
Which country did China invade on Christmas day 1950 
Who was the first incumbent u.s. president to survive being shot 
Which comic strip animal devised by Otto Mesmer first appeared in 1931? 
In Which City Did Chamberlain Make His(Wind Of Change) Speech In 1960? 
In 1939 which pub game was banned in Glasgow for being too dangerous? 
Which Group Had A 60s Hit With The Song 'She's Not There'' 
What is Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe's middle name 
What does Beetlejuice eat when he reaches out of his grave in the scale model of the town? 
Which royal couple were married on the 29th July 1981 
In what year of WW II did Russia declare war on Japan
What song, popular in the First World War, was written by George and Felix Powell? 
In 1453 it is alleged that a witch flew on a broomstick for the first time but was it a male or female witch 
In the 9th century which city had several thousand bookstores ?
On What Japanese City Was The First Atomic Bomb Dropped 
Don Mintoff became which countries first Prime Minister after it became a republic in 1974? 
Who was the leader of the Khmer Rouge?
What type of shoes did Run-D.M.C. sing about, which were what most rappers in the early eighties were into? 
According to the lyrics of the famous Christmas song, what was Frosty The Snowman's nose made from? 
Which U.S. president said, "The buck stops here"?
In what war did the jet fighters first battle each other?
This racist organization was formed in Tennessee in 1865.
Also In 1968 Which British Coin Was Introduced To Replace The Ten Shilling Note 
Who got slimmed first in Ghostbusters? 
What Event Killed On In Four People In Europe In The Fourteenth Century? 
*How many people resided in the Brady house on The Brady Bunch?* 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Machine Head 
Where did Bill and Hilary Clinton switch on Christmas lights in 1995?
Who sang 'I Want My MTV' on the Dire Straits song 'Money For Nothing'? 
Which chapter of the 'Phantasm' series was entitled 'Oblivion' 
Child star Jimmy Boyd sang which hugely popular 1950's Christmas song, which was initially banned by the Catholic Church in Boston because it supposedly mixed sex and Christmas? 
Santa Claus is based on St Nicholas, where was he born 
Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Comes from which of Shakespeare's plays 
"Who invented the Christmas Cracker? (""George Cracker"", ""Tom Smith"", ""Thomas Edison"", ""John Bell"" " 
Which 50's Movie features the Line 'We've become a race of peeping toms' 
What Chinese dynasty was overthrown in 1911?
Which Date On The Christian Calendar Marks The Epiphany, When Jesus, Mary And Joseph Met The Three Wise Men? 
Which Institution Was Founded By The Roman Catholic Church In The 13th Century To Root Out Heresay? 
Who was 'The Elephant Man'?
What was the name of the nuclear missle defense system Reagan proposed? 
Who said: there is nothing in the bible that says i must wear rags 
In the song The Twelve Days of Christmas, '___my true love brought to me nine___' what? 
Which series of films features a habitual serial killer called Michael Myers 
On May 1st 1931 the world's then tallest building was opened in New York City. which building was it? 
Which famous halloween party game originated from a custom to establish who would get married first 
Name The First Steam Engine To Run Between Stockton & Darlington? 
Which actor won an Oscar in 1955 for their role in the movie 'The King and I'' 
Which Famous Venetian Merchant Travelled To China And Worked For Kublai Khan? 
How many oklahoma land runs were there 
Who Played Bowls Before Engaging The Spanish Armada? 
In the film 'The Santa Clause' who plays Santa? 
When did Christmas become a Federal holiday in the U.S.? 
As at November 2005, who is the only British Prime Minister to have been appointed and dismissed four times, serving four separate terms in office? 
What was the name of David Hasselhoff's talking car in Knight Ridder? 
Which legendary American fire fighter was sent to extinguish the oilfields of Kuwait in 1991? 
If someone gave you a frumenty at Christmas would you eat it, drink it or wear it 
John McClane was fighting terrorists in a skyrise in which eighties movie? 
Who won the 1968 oregon democratic primary 
Which famous horror film featured a killer wearing a mask which was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white 
In Which War Was Pork Chop Hill Fought Over? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Electric Warrior 
Who was Captain of the Titanic on her maiden voyage? 
In Victorian England what people were popularly called robins because of their red uniforms? 
How many points does a snowflake have? 
Halloween originated from a festival celebrated by what ancient European tribe is it A Druids B Huns or is it C Celts 
How many reindeer does Santa Have? 
In What Year Did The Spanish Civil War Begin 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled 2112 
Southern Rhodesia became what country in 1980? 
In What Year Was The United Nations Organisation Formed 
Born on Christmas Day 1899, which actor starred in 'Casablanca'' and 'The Big Sleep'' 
December 26th is known as Boxing Day but it is also which Saints Holy Day 
What was Marilyn Monroe's last film? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Parallel Lines 
Which song was a Christmas No 1 in both 1975 and 1991 
Who started the second Punic war?
What was the instrument of execution during the "Reign of Terror"
Good King Wenceslas Was The Duke & Later King Of Where? 
Which Series Of Horror Movies Were Greatly Influenced By A Painting By Norwegian Artist Edvard Munch 
Of What Tribe Was Boadicea The Head? 
Where did the battle of Waterloo take place?
How in the world of music is Richard Starkey more commonly known? 
Which 20th century American icons died on Halloween 
Who was the first woman elected to lead a european democracy 
What Did The Bank Of England Issue For The First Time In 1791? 
Which traditional song contains the lines 'He's making a list, He's checking it twice, Gonna find out whose naughty or nice'' 
The Inquisition forced him to recant his belief in the Copernican Theory.
What was the first game show on Mtv? 
Which is the oldest University in the USA? 
Name the female comedy star who once had a show on Fox, that had a pop hit in the early eighties 
Who was the first (and last) catholic president?
Another plane crash, on February 3rd 1959, resulted in the deaths of which three rock stars of the day 
What do the five rings on the Olympic flag represent 
What was named after Amerigo Vespucci?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled All Mod Cons 
Who played the younger scrooge in the Classic with Alistair Sim? 
Who played Jack Nicholsons wife in The Shining 
He was stabbed by Cassius.
In the year 2000 which companies CEO was the worlds second richest man ?
Who Was Henry VIII's Third Wife? 
In which 1971 Oscar winning film is the main character a tough, no nonsense, pork pie hat wearing New York City detective ? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Rumours 
In England Children Traditionally Put Out A Christmas Stocking For Santa, But In Holland What Do Dutch Children Traditionally Put Out For Santa To Fill 
Who Sang El Condor Pasa (If I Could) 
On what day of the week did Solomon Grundy die?
Frankish ruler Charles the Great is better known as _________.
In What Year Was Queen Elizabeth The I Born 
Where was Napoleon defeated?
Which band had a 1977 summer No 1 hit with `So You Win Again'? 
Who was the first u.s president born outside the orginal 13 states 
In Which Tv Show Might You Encounter 'The Mystery Machine' 
Which Famous Horror Actor Provided The Narration to Michael Jacksons Song & Short Mobie 'Thriller' 
Where Was Napoleon Bonaparte Born? 
Where did the bayonet originate?
Who, in 1909, became the first man to fly across the English Channel 
Oklahoma comes from two choctaw words, okla and humma, and literally means what 
What liqueur goes into making a 'snowball' cocktail? 
In What Year Was The Old Age Pension Introduced In The UK 
What is an assembly of witches called 
Which gangster died on the 25th January 1947 ?
What did Louis Cartier invent?
In What Year Was The Tomb Of Tutankhamen Discovered 
Who was captain of 'The Mayflower'?
Where were numerous French nuclear tests conducted?
He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964 for his civil rights leadership.
Composer George Gershwin died in1937 at the age of 38. How did he die? 
What American city was called New Amsterdam in the early 17th century?
Which re-released Queen anthem topped the Christmas charts in 1991 
What Space Rocket Was Destroyed During Ground Tests At Cape Canaveral In 1967 
Who first conceived the idea of a Christmas tree 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Layla & other assorted love songs 
In which country was Adolf Hitler born
Who was the British Prime Minister at the outbreak of the Second World War? 
Three of the names of Santa's reindeer begin with the letter 'D'', name two of them 
"Who played the elf called Patch in the film 'Santa Claus: The Movie'? ""Danny De Vito"" - ""Michael J Fox"" - ""Bob Hoskins"" - ""Dudley Moore"" " 
The Romans built these to convey water.
Which president was responsible for the Louisiana Purchase?
Which of the Wise Men was said to have brought the gift of gold for the baby Jesus? 
What was the first newspaper produced in the United States ?
Which movie is the line 'Snakes, I hate snakes' from? 
In the movie 'Home Alone', Macaulay Culkin plays a boy who is accidentally left alone at Christmas. What is the name of this character? 
Which War Involving The UK Began In 1982 
What is the former name of Sri Lanka?
What Is The Name Of The Cake Traditionally Eaten In Italy At Christmas Time 
Who was George Washington's vice_president
Which directors films included Shivers, Videodrome and The Fly 
During Which Monarch's Reigns Did Shakespeare Live? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Blood on the Tracks 
Whose army did Admiral Nelson defeat at the battle of Trafalgar?
Is A Pumpkin A Vegetable Or A Fruit 
What type of shoes were favored by skateboarders? (Hint, it's 4 letterslong) 
This F.B.I agent headed the investigation of Al Capone.
This fearsome creature lived on Grympen Myre and was the principal character in which book 
Who was the first British monarch to broadcast a Christmas message to the nation? 
After who was Mickey Mouse named?
Where Was Thomas Becket Murdered? 
What Was Introduced Into The UK First, The Christmas Card Or The Christmas Tree 
Which James Bond Film Featured A Bond Girl Called Doctor Christmas Jones 
What type of natural disaster hit the American Midwest in 1935? 
What did Victorian women bathe in to try to enlarge their breasts?
From what did Alexander the Great suffer?
Who Played The Title Role In The 1965 British Film The Nanny 
What's the resting place of those buried at sea
Which horror film star was portrayed by Martin Landau in Tim Burtons 1994 film about cult film maker Ed Wood 
The Christmas story is only told in two of the four gospels, Luke is one which is the other 
What is the name of Tiny Tim's father in the story, 'A Christmas Carol'? 
Who sang Happy Birthday to John F. Kennedy for his 45th?
What country did Abel Tasman discover in 1642 ?
He is identified with the expression, "Eureka".
What is the name of the cake traditionally eaten in Italy at Christmas? 
What did Erik Rotheim invent in 1926?
Who created an 86-letter syllabary for the cherokee language 
In What Us City Was President John F Kennedy Assasinated In 1963 
How Long Did The 100 Years War Last 
He taught Alexander the Great.
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Funky Cold Medina,' 
What Was The Name Of Scotland's First King? 
"The carol 'Silent Night' was first played on what instrument? ""Harpsichord,Guitar,Pipe Organ, Piano""" 
After years of flirtation, the U.S. began direct military involvement in Vietnam in what year? 
The Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879 featured in which war? 
Who Brought Back Tobacco And Potatoes From The Americas? 
Who had a Message To Rudy? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Machine Gun Etiquette 
Who was defeated at the Battle of Little Bighorn?
In What Year Did India Gain Independence Marking The Start Of Decolonisation 
What was the fight between Argentina and Great Britan over? 
What did pre-Christian pagans call Xmas time 
Which Group Had 3 Consecutive Christmas Number One's In 1996,1997,1998 
Which Christmas Carol, tells the tale of a 10th Century Duke of Bohemia 
James Dean died during the filming of which film in 1955? 
The official song and anthem of the state of oklahoma is ___,composed and written by richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein 
Who are the four ghosts in Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol? 
Who starred in the 1954 Musical remake of 'A star is born' ? 
What movie featured Reece's Pieces as part of the story, because the director couldn't obtain the rights to use M&M's? 
Electric Christmas tree lights were first used in what year? 1878,1895, 1903, 1907 
What Christmas delicacy has blue veins running through it and tastes cheesy'? 
Who wanted to make a coat out of 101 Dalmatians 
In 1968 Which Country Did The USSR Invade To Stamp Out Liberal Reform 
Who played the lead role in the 1960 Hammer production The Curse of the Werewolf 
What was the name of the multi-colored cube you had to re-organize? 
Which island was Napoleon from?
Who Lead The British Labour Party Before Harold Wilson? 
Who Was Shot In Dallas On 24 th November 1963 
In which 1984 film does the character of Billy Peltzer bring Christmas chaos to the town of Kingston Falls, when he inadvertently feeds someone he shouldn't after midnight 
The Devonian Period is also known as the Age of __________.
Halloween is celebrated on the eve of what Christian holiday is it A All Saints Day B St Swithins Day or C Feast of the Tabernacle 
What was the last Port of call for the Titanic?
What Is The Title Of The 1992 Belgian Film About A Crew Following The Expolits Of A Serial Killer 
What was the name of Norm's wife on Cheers? 
Apart From Anthony Perkins Which Other Performer From Psycho Also Appeared In Psycho 2 (23 Years Later) 
Who fiddled while Rome burned?
What did Peter Minuit buy in 1626 ?
What was the rank of Mark Phillips when he was married to Princess Anne in 1973? 
Who was George Washington's vice-president?
The Character 'Jack Skellington' Appears In Which 1993 Film 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Red Headed Stranger 
Where Were The McDonalds Massacred By The Campbells And The English In 1692? 
What Did New Zealand Vote To Abolish In 1961 
Which Sport Is Governed By The Queensbury Rules 
What do the Irish call a spirit whose wailing signals imminent death 
"What 'NN' Is ""ABCDEFGHIJKMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ & ABCDEFGHIJKMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ""" 
Who introduced bagpipes to the British Isles?
In What Year Was The Berlin Wall Erected 
In Which Year Did The Oil Tanker Torrey Canyon Come Aground Near Lands End Causing A Major Environmental Disaster 
What energetic singer married the 13 year old daughter of his bass player? 
What did a shepherd boy discover at qumram, jordon in 1947 
What Toy Still Hugely Popular Today First Went On Sale In 1959 Costing Just $3 
In what country did John Lennon and Yoko Ono start their honeymoon? 
What sort weapon was used in The Shining 
When is the Feast of St. Nicholas? Dec 6th, Dec 18th, Dec 25th, Dec 27th 
What rock magazine that came out in the eighties is now Rolling Stone's major competitor? 
In what year did man first set foot on the moon
Who caused outrage with the following quote 'We are more popular than Jesus now'' I don't know which will go first Rock n Roll or Christianity'' 
In the movie 'Miracle on 34th Street', Kris Kringle is hired to play Santa Claus in what large department store? 
Which London building was gutted by fire in November 1936? 
England Opened Its First Nudist Beach In 1979 At Which Seaside Resort 
*What 70s television show launched the career of David Cassidy?* 
Which Lancs Town Has A Name That Means A Small Brass Wind Instrument Used For Summoning Witches & Warlocks
What is the traditional dessert in England on December 25? 
In which century was (The Black Death)? 
Which Sci-Fi Sitcom star like to eat cats? 
Which 1978 film starring Roger Moore, Richard Burton and Richard Harris, is a bout a group of British mercenaries in Central Africa 
Which county cricket ground can be found at St Johns Wood in London 
"Which popular Christmas song was actually written for Thanksgiving? (White Christmas, Jingle Bells, Silent Night, Away In A Manger"" " 
What were men conscripted to work down mines in World War Two usually known as? 
What Is The Star Sign Of A Person Born On Christmas Day 
"What drink was adapted to become the American Christmas drink 'Egg Nog'? Scandanavian Drink Glogg , Austrian Drink Gluwein, French Drink ""Lait De Poule"" The German Drink ""Biersuppe"" " 
Which 50's Movie features the Line 'I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop' 
How Old Was Margaret Thatcher When She Took Up The Role Of British Prime Minister In 1979 
In which 1988 film remake of 'A Christmas Carol'' does Bill Murray play a cynically selfish TV executive 
In which 1970's films does Dustin Hoffman play the character ' Lenny Bruce' ? 
Sir Stamford Raffles founded which minor Asian nation?
Where Was The Only British Prime Minister To Be Assassinated Killed? 
Which Country Celebrates 'The Day Of The Dead' Instead Of Halloween Which Includes The Traditionn Of Paassing A Live Person In A Coffin Through The Streets 
The original Halloween film directed by John Carpenter in 1978 cost just $320,000 to make. It ended up making how much world wide was it A 40M, B 50M or was it C 60M 
Beginning in the 1820s, who from the southeastern united states were relocated to indian territory over numerous routes 
Born Florian Armstrong, on Christmas Day 1971, which female singer dueted with Eminem on the 2000 hit 'Stan'' 
When is the 'Feast of Stephen'? 
What was the name of Plato's school?
Ritchie Valens and The Big Bopper were killed in a plane crash in 1959. Which other famous singer was killed in that crash?
In The Song 'The Twelve Days Of Christmas' My True Love Brought Me Nine What 
Who is the only one who understands John Shaft ? 
What product was the first TV advert advertising ?
Who banned Christmas in 1647 
Which U.S. president said, "The buck stops here"
Currently the world's longest serving leader, he ousted General Batista in January 1959 - who is he 
What percentage of pumpkins grown are used on halloween is it A 97% B 98% or is it C 99% 
This word describes the Nazi annihilation of Jews.
She was the first woman to swim the English channel.
What seasonal name was given to Bart Simpson's dog 
David Hasselhof spent most of his time driving a car on which eighties tv show? 
Who Was The 4th Wife Of Henry Viii 
Name Queen Elizabeth I's Mother? 
Who directed the 1946 classic 'It's A Wonderful Life'' 
What did 'DMZ' stand for in the vietnam war?
In Finland Santa traditionally doesn't use his sleigh what does he ride instead, is it, Rudolph, Santa's servant Black Peter, A goat named Ukko or Thirteen Elves 
Who was Scrooge's dead business partner in 'A Christmas Carol' 
"Who wrote the Christmas story, ""The Snowman""?" 
What Was Launched In 1960 & Was Closely Linked With The Sexual Attitudes Of The Swinging 60's 
In 1911 Roald Amundsen became the first person to reach where ?
What organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell 
What was the gift from the gods in the movie The Gods Must Be Crazy? 
Who was crowned King of England at Westminster Abbey on Christmas day 1066 
Which rock group of the eighties gave away a silver keychain at every concert, which was supposed to bring good luck to whoever caught it? 
Who as Lord Protector of England, banned Christmas in 1647 
What employment did patricia hearst claim when booked 
Who was responsible for the infamous assination attempt on then President Reagan? 
What was the name given to the atom bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima?
Designed By Robert Fulton, Which Weapon Was Tested In The Seine In 1801? 
What is a Witches Familiar 
In March 1979, where did a major nuclear accident occur ?
Which 50's Movie features the Line ' I'll follow him around the Horn, and around the Norway Maelstrom, and around perditions flames' 
Which reindeer isn't mentioned in the poem 'The Night Before Christmas'' 
What was the name of the host of Double Dare? 
What was the first ship to reach the Titanic after it sank?
In What Year Did The American Civil War End 
Which country donates the Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square 
What were 'Little Boy' and 'Fat Man'?
Which Surrey cricketer made history at Old Trafford in 1956 when he took 19 wickets in the test match against Australia 
Which Comedian Hit The Front Page Of The Sun On March 13 th 1986 For Allegedly Eating A Hamster 
How Many Days After Hiroshima Did Nagasaki Receive The Second Atom Bomb 
Who introduced Xmas trees to England in 1841 
Who was the female star of 'Bewitched' 
What made Michael Milken famous and rich? 
In the Christmas song who 'are getting fat'? 
What Was The Name Of The Film Which First Featured Bing Crosby's Song 'White Christmas'' 
What was Brenda Lee doing Around The Christmas tree in 1958 
What 'MBC'' Was A Christmas Number One In December 1978 
Who Uttered The Immortal lines 'They Think It's All Over, It Is Now'' 
Calpurnia Was The 3rd Wife Of Which Roman Emperor 
Which actor of the silent era was known as The Man of a Thousand Faces 
What famous protest took place in Britain in 1936? 
Which English daily newspaper became a tabloid in 1971? 
Who assassinated president Kennedy?
If You Were Born On Christmas Day What Star Sign Would You Be? 
Who was the first fully Danish king of England ?
What Hugely Successful Chain Of Stores First Opened It's Doors In 1954 In California 
What Is The Original Name For Halloween 
Who Provided The Voice Of Charlie In The TV Show 'Charlies Angels'' 
Which Of Courtney Cox's Co Stars From The Scream Films Is Now Her Husband 
Name The Fabulous Winged Horse Of Greek Mythology? 
Which Baltic seaport was the German rocket centre during WWII?
Then name Santa Claus is derived from which language, is it Dutch, French or Italian 
Which ship did Charles Darwin captain?
John Callcott Horsley designed what first commercial Christmas item in 1843? 
For what country did Columbus make his historic voyage?
In which 1970's films does Dustin Hoffman play the character 'David Sumner' ? 
"What is the origin of The X In ""Xmas""? " 
Who Was Henry VIII's Last Wife? 
April 1889 Saw The Birth Of Which Future Dictator? 
Which Well Known Actor Died On Christmas Day 1977 
Sir Henry Morgan was a famous 17th century___? 
What is the name of the Russian Czar's daughter who might-or might not-have survived the Russian revolution?
Greased Lightnin was taken from the film Grease, but who had chart success with it? 
What Model Of Children's Bicycle Had A Gear Shift On The Frame 
*What 70s blockbuster included the music, 'Cantina Band' by Mecco?* 
What did 'My True Love'' give to me on the eight day of Christmas 
The _____ universe was replaced by the Copernican universe.
King Richard the ________?
How many people were killed in the battle of Lexington?
She was the greatest trick shot artist of all time.
What is the title of the 1992 Belgian film about a film crew following and documenting the exploits of a serial killer? 
Where were the Hanging Gardens?
Who was the last to sit on the peacock throne 
Who were the first people to be elected into the Aviation Hall Of Fame?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Broken English 
Who met in Yalta in 1945 (in alphabetical order)?
Who played the title role in The Abominable Dr Phibes 
Often Played At Halloween, Which Song Was A Hit Gor Bobby Boris Picket & The Crypt Kickers 
Which Directors Films Include, Shivers , Videodrome & The Fly 
Which Egyptian president ordered the seizure of the Suez Canal in 1956? 
With Which Horror Film Would You Associate The Character Of Leatherface 
Who Was The 2nd Wife Of Henry Viii 
Name The Event Involving The Anarchist, Peter The Painter? 
How Many Pilgrims Were Aboard The Mayflower 
The four Sundays before Christmas are known by what name 
In which year was the Rosetta stone written ?
Which Aerosmith song was re-made by Run D.M.C.? 
In Halloween, Michael Meyers wore a Halloween mask of what famous character 
Who designed Regent's Park in London in 1811? 
Chrissie Hynde was in which early eighties group? 
According to the lyrics of the song Mr Who? Was asked to turn on his magic beam 
Who was Ulysses' son, who grew to manhood in his absence?
Who said "Veni, vidi, vici" (I came, I saw, I conquered)
"In the movie ""It's A Wonderful Life"" how do you know that a new angel has received his wings? (""a cock crows, there is a lightening flash, a bell rings, a trumpet sounds"") " 
Which Long Running Sci Fi Program Was First Aired In November 1963 
For Which Crime Was 'Thomas McMahon'' Jailed For Life In October 1979 
In Holland, Santa traditionally doesn't actually deliver the presents who does, is it, Rudolph, Santa's servant Black Peter, A goat named Ukko or Thirteen Elves 
Who Placed His Cloak On A Puddle For Elizabeth I? 
What did Marie Curie die of on 4th July, 1934?
Where Did The Mayflower Set Sail From In 1620 
Who Was The Very First Presenter Of The UK National Lottery Draw 
"Which Christmas poem does this line belong to? ""With peace on earth, good-will to men!"" (""Christmas Bells"", ""The 3 Kings"", ""A Christmas Carol"", ""Nativity"" " 
In what year did Lord Lucan leap into obscurity 
In Which Year Was Mr Blobby A Christmas Number One In The Uk 
Name the 2 of the 3 flags placed by Hillary in the summit of Everest in 1953? 
Who sang the song 'Cry' which was the first video on Mtv to use morphing technology through the entire video? 
Who invented the cotton gin?
What was the instrument of execution during the "Reign of Terror"?
Which eighties fashion accessory consisted of a saftey pin and small beads? 
The most famous indian relocation to oklahoma was by the cherokee indians, what was the route called 
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous? 
On the 1st of July of what year was the British colony of Hong Kong returned to China? 
On what was Pennsylvania incorrectly spelled?
Which Royal House Ruled England Between 1603 & 1714? 
In what type of building did Plato and Aristotle teach ?
What show did the catch phrase, 'Yeah, That's The Ticket' originate on? 
Who was Henry VIII's second wife?
Nicknamed the Godfather Of Soul, who died on Christmas Day 2006 
In the 15th century, what was the war between the houses of Lancaster and York?
At the time of Julius Caesar, who was the ruler of Egypt ?
What is the the state capital of oklahoma 
In which battle was George A. Custer defeated?
Which 60's singing duo divorced after 11 years of marriage? 
The following is a line from which 1970's film My name is___. 'Names is for tombstones baby' ? 
What did Eli Whitney invent?
Who burned Atlanta in 1864?
In What Century Were The War Of The Roses Fought 
What popular US TV sitcom With 3 Words made its first appearance in 1951 & ran until 1957 
Who was President of the USA from 1953 till 1961? 
Who in 1988 became the first elected female prime minister in an Islamic country ?
How many Christmas trees are produced by Nova Scotia anually
What country was ruled by Pol Pot, leader of the Khmer Rouge party?
What was King Arthur's mother's name?
If you were born on Halloween, what star sign would you be 
Name the incident in which tea was dumped into the harbour.
Which was the last of the 5 civilized tribe to arrive in oklahoma 
Who wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas? 
In which film is the bad guy a one handed criminal named Han who deals in drugs and white slavery ? 
On which Christmas day did English and German troops play football 
What type of men's jacket featured it's name on the outer breast pocket,and epaulets on the shoulders? 
In which state was `The Blair Witch Project' set 
In which country do people who want to travel take a suitcase and carry it around the house on New Year's Eve? 
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'you're gonna need a bigger boat' ? 
Which Fictional Radio Character Worked For Radio Norwich 
"What town is the setting for the perennial Christmas classic 'It's a Wonderful Life'? (""Bailey Park, Beford Falls, Sleepy Hollow, Pottersville"") " 
What battle of the war of 1812 wa fought after the treaty of ghent was signed 
Who Was The 3rd Wife Of Henry Viii 
Which Footballer Was Sent home From The 1978 Football World Cup For Taking Illegal Substances 
In 1902 this volcano erupted, killing 30,000.
In what year was the first Christmas card produced? 
Which actress starred in the movie The Grudge? 
What colour was added to the French flag during the French revolution?
In what year was 'Dirty Dancing' released? 
In Which Movie Did Jim Carey Play Lloyd Christmas 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Deja Vu 
In the Christmas song what was 'Roasting on an Open Fire' 
Which nation did Moshoeshoe found?
Who discovered the vaccination against smallpox in 1796? 
Four Japanese carriers were destroyed in this battle.
What was the name of Elizabeth Taylor's character in 'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof'? 
What Was The Name Of Dustin Hoffman's Character In The 1967 Film The Graduate 
I Love The Dead', 'Call It Evil' and 'Prince Of Darkness' are all singles released by whom 
Who directed the 1968 film Rosemarys Baby 
What were the B-52's named after? (Hint, it's not a plane) 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Eighth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Henry The 8 th Had A Bit Of Bad Rep When It Comes To His Wives But He Only Executed 2 (PFE) 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Tea for the Tillerman 
What was the nickname of Charlene Tilton, who played Lucy Ewing in Dallas? 
What was the pen name of author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson 
Who banned Christmas in England between 1647 and 1660? 
What very Famous Link To Christmas Does Irving Berlin Have 
The Wars of the Roses (1455-85) were fought between which two houses of England? 
The two crooks in the 1990 film 'Home Alone'', one was Daniel Stern, who was the other 
What was the name of the pandemic which killed over 1% of the world's population in 1918? 
Who ran unsuccesfully against Regan in 1984? 
Who was the ruler of the Principality of Monaco who married actress Grace Kelly in 1956 
How Old Was James Dean When He Died 
What colour was Diana Spencer's engagement photograph suit?
In which two continents might you find vampire bats 
Who Was Known As Coeur De Lion? 
`Expletive Deleted' came into fashion as a result of the publication of the transcript of what? 
What Was Charlie Rich Looking For In The 1970's 
What Is The Name Of The Bad Guy In The Movie Halloween 
What Became America's 50th State On August 21st 1959 
In America, what became the 49th state to enter the union in 1959? 
What date is st. patrick's day 
What date is St Stephen's Day? 
Who was Margaret Thatcher? 
Considered to be the last full blooded Tasmanian aborigine, (died 1876 - aged 73), her name is_____?
How many years was Nelson Mandela in prison?
Who played the monster in the 1931 film Frankenstein 
In the Christmas carol when did 'Good King Wenceslas' look out? 
Which 1922 German Vampire Film Starred The Genuinely Scary Looking Max Schreck In The Title Role 
Which religious group first celebrated what we've come to know as Halloween 
Which 60's hit started with the line 'The Taxman's Taken All My Dough''? 
He was the American inventor of the Cotton Gin.
Which war did the signing of an armistice on 27th July 1953 end? 
Who Was The 1st wife of henry Viii 
How Was Mistletoe Known By The Vikings Who Discovered It, Was It Snow Berries, Love Berries, White Tear Drops Or Dung on A Stick? 
In The Original 1984 Band Aid Song, 'Do they Know It's Christmas'', Who Sang The First Line 
Who presided over the trial of Jesus?
Name the eighties sitcom in which Bob Ueker was upstaged by an obese butler regularly. 
What Was Baron Manfred Von Richthofen Also Known As? 
If an Italian gave you Smeg for a present, what would it be? 
Who did Squeaky Fromme try to assassinate?
Complete this quote: 'I feel the need___ the need for___' 
What eighties TV show starred Tom Hanks in women's clothing? 
Who Was The First X Factor Winner To Have A Christmas Number One 
Thanksgiving has traditionally been the start of the Christmas season in the U.S. Which U.S. President moved Thanksgiving up a week to extend the holiday shopping season? 
As what was Istanbul previously known?
The Deaths Of 3 Pop Icons Was Known As 'The Day The Music Died'' Name The Three (PFE) 
In 1840 London Sweet Maker Tom Smith Came Up An Invention Still Hugely Popular Today What Was It? 
Born on Christmas Day 1954, who was the female half of the 80's band 'The Eurhythmics'' 
What came to an end in the United States in December 1933? 
Which of the following is a 1983 New Order song; `Creepy', `Spooky' or `Scary' 
Who Was the Queen Of The Iceni Tribe Of England Who Led An Uprising Against The Romans? 
Which US President Was Forced To Resign In 1974 
Who Wrote the Novel 'The Witching Hour' 
Which Political Party Rose To Power In China In 1949 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled The Stranger 
What Apollo 13 astronaut contacted Mission Control with the words, (Houston, we've had a problem)? 
"Which diarist noted on 25th December 1662, ""(Christmas Day). Had a pleasant walk to White Hall, where I intended to have received the communion with the family, but I have come too late___""" 
In which city was President Kennedy killed?
What Happened If You Looked A Gorgon In The Eye? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Tonights the Night 
Who was the father of Elizabeth I?
Roman statues were made with detachable whats, so that one what could be removed and replaced by another?
According to The Everly Bros What Time Did Suzie Finally Wake Up 
Israel occupied the Golan Heights.  Whose territory was it?
Which song was a UK chart hit for `The Goodies' in 1975? 
In What Year Did India Gain Independence From British Colonial Rule 
East Berlin was the capital of ______?
Who outlawed gladiator sports in Rome?
She won the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize for her work among the poor.
Who was the lead singer of the Cure? 
What did Anne Boleyn have three of?
Dia de los Muertos (The Day of the Dead) is celebrated in which Latin American country 
Which Hitchcock movie With One Word In It's Title was released in 1958? 
A lot of men end up in the hospital casualty department at Christmas time because they've decorated their nether regions with what? 
Germany's allies in WW II were Japan, Italy, Hungary, Bulgaria, Finland, Libya, and _________.
How old was Stanley Matthews when he retired in 1965? 
What is the name of David Hasslehoff's Talking car in the show 'Knight Rider'? 
Which period was first, jurassic or carboniferous?
In which Christmas song would you find the lines, 'He's making a list and he's checking it twice. He's going to know who's naughty and nice'' 
Which English King issued the Magna Carta in 1215?
In 1692 The Witchcraft Trials took place in America. Where 
What Song Was Christmas Number One In The UK In Both 1975 And 1991? 
What 19th century war between Russia and England, Turkey, Britain and France, was named after a peninsula in the Black Sea?
In which country was the Rosetta Stone found?
Which actor best known for his horror films, did the narration on Micheal Jackson's hit 'Thriller' 
Where is the infamous Lubjanka prison?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled All Things Must Pass 
What Was A Ballista? 
In 1972 which flash new motor was advertised with the slogan, ` The car you always promised yourself'? 
Charlie Chaplin Died On Christmas Day In 1977, How Old Was He When He Died 
Who did Henry VIII marry when he was 18?
Which fictional character created by Steve Coogan, is a presenter for Radio Norwich 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Bitches Brew 
What group landed in America in 1620
What was Russian America called after 1867?
Which eighties album, that sold 20 million plus copies, featured Vincent Price 
Oklahoma's four include the ouachitas, arbuckles, wichitas, and the kiamichis. 
What war lasted from June 5 to June 11, 1967?
What is a witches broom called 
Which Actress played Grotbags the witch in the TV show Emu's World 
Which nation was led by Genghis Khan?
In which city did the Duke of Windsor die in 1972? 
What colour is Santa Claus's belt? 
In 'Home Alone 2'' which city was Kevin lost at Christmas 
How Is St Sylvester's Day Otherwise Known? 
In Which City Did The Indian Mutiny Start? 
Who invented the ballpoint pen?
Which quirky brunette was one of the first MTv VJ's? 
Who Coined The Phrase 'Turn On Tune In, Drop Out'' 
In 1959, Tibet was invaded by which country?
What mistake did Coca-Cola make in 1985? 
Who was assassinated on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas?
Which mother and daughter both appeared in John Carpenters The Fog 
Peter Jackson Is Responsible For Directing Which Famous Trilogy 
Who discovered the tomb of Tutankhamen?
In a 60s film, who was the bravest of them all ? 
Whats the resting place of those buried at sea 
Which Michael Jackson song Was Christmas Number One In 1995 
Which American President Was Assassinated In A Theatre? 
In Which Country Is The Auschwitz Concentration Camp Located 
Which Christmas carol contains the lines 'O Tidings of Comfort and Joy 
Which City Did The Allies Liberate On August 25th 1944 
In the 1970s films directed by Robert Fuest (Pronounced Feast) how did Dr. Anton Phibes become disfigured 
Which Government Post Was Held By John Profumo At The Time Of The Affair Involving Christine Keeler 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Politics of Dancing', 
Which is the name of the baddie in the Harry Potter series 
Who invented the gatling gun?
Which entertainer famous for the one liner 'My Little Chickadee'' died on Christmas Day 1946 
Who in March 1958 became known by the number 53310761? 
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was a character created in a story written in: A=1939, B=1949, C=1954,D=1959 
Who Was Shot Dead In Dallas On 24th November 1963 
Bing Crosby famously sang 'I'm dreaming of a white Christmas'', what is the next line. 
In December 1967 53 Year Old Louis Washkansky Became The First Person To Undergo What 
What duo lost their Grammy for Best New Artist from the eighties? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled New Boots and Panties 
What is the name of the Russian Czar's daughter who might_or might not_have survived the Russian revolution
What late night news show became popular in the eighties after the Iranian Hostage takeover? 
Which singing family was David Cassidy a member of 
What is the first ghost seen by Ebenezer Scrooge in 'A Christmas Carol'' 
Who Commanded The Confederate Armies During The American Civil War? 
Who invented the exploding shell?
Which river did George Washington cross on Christmas night in 1776 in the American Revolutionary War? 
Name the remake of a 1960's film with the aid of the following actors. The first actor was in the 60's original, the second actor played the same role in the remake James Mason and Jeremy Irons 
What Was The 9th Century Tax Levied To Fight The Vikings? 
The Character Jack Skellington Appears In Which 1993 Tim Burton Film? 
U.S. President, Chester Alan ________.
He advocated the planting peanuts and sweet potatoes to replace cotton and tobacco.
When Did The Storming Of The Bastille Take Place? 
In the 17th Century, how did Matthew Hopkins become known and feared 
Who invented the record player ?
She was the first woman to fly the Atlantic solo.
What late night show replaced Tom Synder's show? 
In Us Dollars How Much Did America Pay Russia For The State Now Known As Alaska 
What was the nationality of the prisoners in the "Black hole of Calcutta"
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled For Your Pleasure 
Who was patricia hurst with the night she was kidnapped 
Who is "The Iron Lady"?
Which british comedian was the first man to appear on the cover of 'playboy'?
The first successful organ transplant occurred in 1954. What organ was it A= Kidney, B= Liver, C= Heart? 
Which London Theatre Referring To The 2nd World War Used The Slogan (We Are Never Closed) 
How are Caspar, Balthazar and Melchior better known 
He shot Lee Harvey Oswald.
Which Dark Wizard Was Portrayed By Christopher Lee In Lord Of The Rings 
On Tv In The 80's What Would The Initials 'HHOH' Signify 
In Which Welsh Village Where 144 Adults And Children Killed By A Land Slippage? 
Which rock star died when the Mini car, driven by his girlfriend crashed into a tree? 
For Which Allegedly Obscene Publication Were 'Calder & Boyars'' Prosecuted In 1967 
In 1613 Who Did Pocahontas Marry 
What did Ed Peterson invent?
Which Christmas carol contains the lines 'O Tidings of Comfort and Joy'' 
What 80's game show featured the 'Whammy'? 
Before she was a pop star, why was Samantha Fox in the British tabloids? 
Which war drama was first seen on British Television in October 1972? 
Who is the first ghost seen by Scrooge in 'A Christmas Carol'' 
Who was the female star of in the tv version of 'Bewitched' 
Why is the day after Christmas named Boxing Day? 
Who Was The Only British Pope? 
The first dog in space was named _________.
Which Song By James Blunt Released In March 2006 Failed To Enter The UK Top 20 Despite Being Top Of The Radio 1 Playlist For That Month 
*Who loves ya, baby?'' was the catchphrase of which `70s TV sleuth?* 
On Tv How Is Eddie Fitzgerald More Commonly Known 
What Is New Years Eve Caled It Scotland 
Which Country Owns Christmas Island 
Name the remake of a 1960's film with the aid of the following actors. The first actor was in the 60's original, the second actor played the same role in the remake Robert Mitchum and Robert de Niro 
Which character of the 'Bloom County' comic strip ran for president even though he was dead at the time? 
The video for which eighties song features nothing but 5 cheerleaders?(Name the artist too) 
What Did Lord Carnavon & Howard Carter vDiscover In 1922 
Which King Was Overthrown As A Result Of The French Revolution 
Who was the second man to set foot on the moon?
The massacre at Kent State occurred as students protested the bombing of Cambodia and the _____ war.
In which year was the Berlin Wall constructed? 
Samhain', literally means 'end of summer' and is a Gaelic language word. What is it's direct English equivalent 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Lark's Tongue in Aspic 
When was D-day?
Which 1988 film saw Bruce Willis battling against a group of terrorists that crudely interrupted a Christmas party 
Which English King Was Given The Title Defender Of The Faith By Pope Leo X? 
Which Welsh actor won Christ's Robe in a dice game in The Robe? 
Old superstition Wearing socks inside out protection from what 
The Nordic countries (Denmark, Sweden, Norway notably) tend to celebrate Christmas chiefly on which date? 
U.S. President: Calvin _________.
What Nationality Was Hannibal? 
If a turkey evades the oven, what is its normal lifespan 
The Greek army under Leonides was annihilated here by Persians in 480BC.
Which Form Of Transport Was Used For The First Time By The British Police In 1967 
Which silent film star was awarded a Knighthood in 1975? 
"In Which year Was The Band Aid Single ""Feed The World Released for The 2nd Time""" 
Which Law Was Passed At The End Of The Eighteenth Century Making Trade Unions Illegal? 
"In The Movie ""Miracle On 34 th Street"" Kris Kringle Is Hired To Play Santa Claus In Which Department Store Is It FAO Swartz, Marshall Field's, Macy's Or Gimble's?" 
Which Revolution Began In 1789 
Which theatre, that `never closed', closed in the sixties for good? 
In Charles Dickens' novel A Christmas Carol, who was Scrooge's dead business partner? 
In 1956, Tunisia gained independence from which country? 
What was the name of the B_29 used at Hiroshima to drop the bomb
Neil Armstrong And Buzz Aldrin Landed On The Moon But Who Stayed Behind In The Command Capsule? 
What was the name of Spandau's only prisoner 
Which popular Christmas carol was originally a piece written by King Henry VIII? A= God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen, B= We 3 Kings Of Orient Are, C= What Child Is This, D=Good King Wenceslas 
Who Directed Terence Stamp In His First Starring Role In The Film Billy Budd In 1962 
"In the song ""The Twelve Days Of Christmas"", what did my true love give to me on the 12th day?" 
Which black athelete's successes at the Berlin Olympics caused Hitler to storm out of the stadium? 
*Arnold Schwarzenegger made his film debut in 1974 In What Movie * 
Who is known as the high priest of revenge?
How many gifts are given in total in the song The Twelve Days of Christmas? 
The world was declared safe from which virus in 1979, after it had killed more than 1 billion people? 
Who Invented The Spinning Frame In 1769? 
Who is best remembered as the mistress of Lord Nelson? 
Who was the first woman in space?
One who fought professionally in Roman arenas was a(n) ____________.
What was the name of Plato's school
Which French Port Belonged To England Between 1347 & 1558? 
With Which Band Did The Jimi Hendrix Experience 's Record Producer/Manager Chas Chadler Make His Name 
Who Said (Will No-One Rid Me Of This Turbulent Priest)? 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Never Say Never,' 
What was the nickname of President Duvalier of Haiti, who died in 1971? 
He is a pumpkin whose top and stem have been cut out and interior removed, leaving a hollow shell that is then decoratively carved. Twelve Letters 
Which Musical Opened On Broadway In 1956 And Starred Julie Andrews 
Which US Singer Duetted With Donna Summer On The US Number One 'No More Tears'' 
What was name of the Titanic's sister ship?
Who led the attack on the Alamo?
Good King Wenceslas was a 12th Century king of which country 
Which movie had a device known as a flux-capacitor? 
Which TV Family Adopted A Greyhound For Christmas? 
He shot Lee Harvy Oswald.
Who advocated planting peanuts and sweet potatoes to replace cotton and tobacco?
Who were Balthazar, Melchior and Caspar 
Which popular 60s film took place in and around 17 Cherry Tree Lane, London, in 1910 ? 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Second"" Day Of Christmas" 
In which country was Greenpeace founded in 1971? 
In what year did England's lease on Hong Kong expire
How old would Elvis have been on his birthday January 8, 2000? A=55, B=60, C=65 
In which country do people wear masks to burn on December 31 to drive away bad luck? 
In which Fox TV show did Johnny Dep play an undercover cop in high school? 
If you found a button in your Christmas pudding what would it symbolize Good luck, Poverty, Bachelor, Famous 
What caused the computer in Electric Dreams to become alive? 
Who Became President Of France After Charles De Gaulle? 
What did Francis Crick and James Watson build a molecular model of in 1953? 
What Scary Movie Takes Place At The Overlook Hotel 
According to the UK National Meteorological Office what year (prior to 2007) was the last White Christmas in Britain? 
Who was the first woman to be shot by the FBI? 
Who Preceded Mao Tse-Tung? 
What was the name of Garfield's vet? 
What was the name of the man who pioneered the above method of freezing food? 
What country was formerly known as Siam?
Who was the man convicted of masterminding the 1969 LaBianca-Tate murders, later to become known as the Helter Skelter killings?
Paul Anka's Puppy Love is written to what star? 
In the song 'We wish you a Merry Christmas' what pudding was asked for? 
What Was The Name Of The 1971 TV Show In Which Adam Faith Played Ronald Bird 
Which groups first album was entitled 'Piper At the Gates Of Dawn'' 
He killed Jesse James.
What Christian holiday is celebrated immediately after Halloween 
The name of which place of biblical significance actually means 'House of Bread'' 
Who led the children of Israel out of Egypt?
Name the sitcom that featured Judd Hirsch, Andy Kaufman, Tony Danza and Danny Devito. 
Which type of vegetable went on sale in frozen form in Massachusetts in June 1930? 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Fourth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Who wrote 'The Starry Messenger'?
Which King of France was known as the (Sun King)? 
What was the name of the domestic videocassette tape recorder system introduced by Sony in 1975? 
Which T - Rex hit contains the line 'Take a black cat and sit it on your shoulder' 
Who Became Chancellor Of Germany In 1933 
1955 saw the first ever Disneyland open in which U.S. state 
What was the name of the show that featured Sniglets? 
Which word, associated with Christmas comes from a Greek word meaning 'we can act anything'' 
What Is The Name Given To A Group Of Witches 
In which year did the Queen make her infamous 'Annus Horriblis'' Christmas broadcast 
Which English Monarch used radio to start the tradition of The Christmas Broadcast 
Which Bill Haley song, which featured in the 1954 film _The Blackboard Jungle_, became the U.K.'s first Rock and Roll number one 
What Is Traditionally Supposed To Happen On Halloween 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Live at Leeds 
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'It's as big as a house' ? 
Who led the attack on the Alamo
This U.S. President suffered from polio during WWII.
1970 Saw Which Treaty Between USSR & Germany 
According to the bible, who are Gaspar, Balthazar and Melchior 
Name the original eight reindeer from the 'Twas the night Before Christmas' poem. 
What Family Live At 1313 Cemetary Lane 
What Name Was Given To The Practise Of Killing Every Tenth Man In A Mutinous Roman Cohort? 
The Tradition Of Dressing Up On Halloween Started Because 
What does Dorothy have to steal from the wicked witch in oz 
Which novel, published in1932, was a vision of the future as a sanitised society? 
According to the nursery rhyme, who, 'sat in the corner eating a Christmas Pie'' 
Which Pop Singer Married Maurice Gibb Of The Bee Gees In February Of 1969? 
What was the name of the company that the characters on Taxi worked for? 
Which Act Has Had More Christmas Number One Singles In The UK Than Any Other? 
Which horse won the 1964 Derby 
Who was forced by Indian troops into the Black Hole of Calcutta?
Which major international organization was created in 1945 ?
What was the name of the teenage showgirl who caused MP John Profumo to resign? 
What was the name of Grotbags the witches pet in the TV show 'Emu's World' 
In which city were the Hanging Gardens?
What 'NP' Is An Opinion Survery Conducted In Alaska 
Who Was The First To Sing On The 1984 Band Aid Single 
What did President J. Buchanan not have?
Which was the sacred animal of ancient egypt 
What was the most Eastern country in Alexander The Great's command at his peak?
In which country is a bell struck 33 times? 
What did David Stirling found?
Who Founded The Open University? 
Which US state in 1907 was the last to declare Christmas a legal holiday? 
What ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared 
Which slasher film series featured masked killer Michael Myers 
Who did David Bowie duet with on the Christmas Hit 'Little Drummer Boy'' 
Who resigned as Russian Premier on Christmas day 1991 
Who said "Veni, vidi, vici" (I came, I saw, I conquered)?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Horses 
In Which Country Did The Tradition Of Trick Or Treating Actually Originate 
Why do we decorate with holly at Christmas? 
In The Tv Show Til Death Us Do Part First Aired In 1965 What Football Team Did Alf Support 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Sticky Fingers 
By who was Gerald Ford almost assassinated?
Which Building In Berlin Was Burned Down In 1933? 
In the song the 12 days Of Christmas what did my true love give on the 5th day 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Sixth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Who Directed The Original Halloween Movie 
A German tradition is to hide a certain food in a Christmas tree, and the first one to find it gets a special gift. What is the certain food they hide? 
How Many Ships Came Sailing In On Christmas Day 
In 1954 the Salk vaccine was introduced - a vaccine which effectively wiped out which devastating disease 
Name the first black nation to gain freedom from European colonial rule.
In Which Year Did Abba Win The Eurovision Song Contest 
The following is a line from which 1970's film 'You Came In That Thing, You're braver than I Thought' ? 
Who invented the aerosol?
What Was Julie Christie's Home Town A=Bradford, B= Birmingham, C=Bath 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Kiss On My List', 
He is said to have fiddled while Rome burned.
Which Series Of Films Features A Habitual Killer Called Michael Myers 
Elvis Presley Died On August 16th 1977 But Where EXACTLY Was He When He Died 
Nikolai Caucescau, was executed on Christmas Day 1989, in which former Communist country was he President 
Which Was The Only Song To Spend 6 Weeks As a UK No.1 In 1979 It Also Featured In A 1978 Movie 
What year was the great drought in Britain? 
What was the challanging method of catching a fly in Karate Kid? 
What Was The Duchess Of Windsor's Name Before She Married The Duke? 
He was defeated at the Battle of Little Bighorn.
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled 461 Ocean Boulevard 
Who was the instigator of the breakaway World Series Cricket in 1977? 
Who Played The Title Role In The Abdomibale Dr Phibes 
Who Formed The First Labour Goverment? 
This U.S. Secretary of State won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1973
In What Year Did World War I Begin 
Where were the ancient script of Linear A and Linear B found ?
Which of Santa's reindeers shares its name with a mythological God of Love 
What actor was killed in a car crash on the way to participate in a sports car race? 
Which notorious murderer, hanged in July 1953, had his story told in the film _Ten Rillington Place_ 
From what country did the U.S. buy the Virgin Islands
Which U.S. President _banned _ Christmas trees from the White House because he believed cutting them harmed the environment? 
What did Harry Potter get for Christmas in his first semester at Hogwarts School? 
Which American Gangster was shot dead outside a Chicago cinema in July 1934? 
In Which 1984 Film, Did A Young Man Called Zach, Receive A Mogwai For Christmas 
What did Napoleon have built to commemorate his victories?
How many gloves did Michael Jackson wear? 
Who was the most famous leader of the Carthagenians?
Which Founder Of The Organisation For Afro American Unity Was Murdered In Harlem On 21 February 1965 
Who ordered the persecution of the Christians in which Peter and Paul died?
At which hospital was the first British Heart Transplant operation performed in 1979? 
Is an icicle a Stalagmite or a Stalagtite 
Which Singer Was 'Driving Home For Christmas'' In 1988 
Whose Death In 1965 Prompted President Johnson That All American Flags The World Over Be Flown At Half Mast A Mark Of Respect Never Before Accorded To A Foreigner 
What Country Is Dracula Said To Come From 
What 'SN' Do You Call An American Holy Man Who's Strapped For Cash 
Which city is believed to be the birthplace of Jesus of Nazareth? 
Who Was The First Us President To Take Up Residence In The Whitehouse 
The ______ Tea Party?
In which 1970's films does Dustin Hoffman play the following characters ' Carl Bernstein '? 
Which English Silver Coin, Worth Four Pennies, Was Taken Out Of Circulation In The 17th Century? 
In 1962, for what did Britain and France sign an agreement to build together?
1957 and the first artificial satellite to be launched into space (by the Soviet Union) had what name 
His ship was the H.M.S. Beagle.
What pope died 33 days after his election 
What year was Margaret Thatcher elected British Prime Minister? 
Who Preceded Harold Wilson As Prime Minister? 
With Which Ship Did Francis Drake Circumnavigate The World? 
Which doctor offered good advice in When Youre In Love With A Beautiful Woman? 
Marvin Lee Aaday Is The Real Name Of Which Rock Star Who Also Appeared As Eddie The Ex Delievery Boy In The Movie The Rocky Horror Picture Show 
Who is Prince Vladimir Tepes better known as?
What time of day is known as the 'Devils Dancing Hour' 
What Left Lisbon On May 28 th 1588 & Did Not Return Intact 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Two of Us,' 
This Nazi leader had his six children poisoned prior to his own death.
What was Elvis Presley's first motion picture? 
What purged the Great Plague of London ?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled My Aim is True 
What does LL Cool J.'s name stand for? 
Which Famous Female Solo Artist Was Born On Christmas Day 1971 
Which Lancashire Town Has A Name That Means A Small Brass Wind Instrument Used For Summoning Witches & Warlocks 
In which 1947 Christmas film do a lovestruck couple pretend that the snowman is Parson Brow 
Which sitcom helped launch Michael J. Fox's career by portraying him as a money-grubbing teenager? 
What TV show with married couples and family life appealed to those over the age of 29? 
George Washington Carver advocated planting what to replace cotton and tobacco?
What Would You Traditionally 'Bob' For At A Halloween Party 
Who Was Quoted As Saying 'Ask Not What Your Country Can Do For You But What You Can Do For Your Country'' 
"What Did My True Love Give To Me On The ""Fifth"" Day Of Christmas" 
Which Architect Designed The Whitehouse 
Which European Country Withdrew Its Forces From NATO In 1975? 
Which King Wore Two Shirts At His Execution So As Not To Shiver And Appear Frightened? 
How many ghosts appeared to Scrooge in Dicken's 'A Christmas Carol'' 
Which English King was crowned on Christmas Day 
How many British officers were forced by Indian troops into the Black Hole of Calcutta?
Who Eastenders Character Left Albert Square On Christmas Day 2005 
At which battle was the Charge Of The Light Brigade? 
The Eldest Sons Of The Kings Of Which Country Had The Title (Dauphin)? 
What was the third country to get the "bomb"?
This military attack took place on Dec. 7, 1941.
What was the name of the balloon three americans piloted across the atlantic in 1978 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Catch a Fire 
What style of dancing was popularized with rap music? 
Who Was The Youngest British Prime Minister? 
During Which War Did The Charge Of The Light Brigade Occur? 
Which Band Were Dropped By Their Label EMI In 1978 On Grounds Of Unacceptable Behavior 
What was the first name of the baby girl who fell down the well? 
In 1959 Who Established A Communist Government In Cuba 
On the 3rd January 1959 which state became America's 49th 
This Indian group ruled in early Peru.
In which country was paper money first used?
In 1972 which flash new motor was advertised with the slogan, `The car you always promised yourself'? 
Where Was The Royalist HQ During The English Civil War? 
The Mask In The Film Scream Became A Popular Costume What Famous Painting By Edward Munich Was It Based On
In What Year Did Mikhail Gorbachev Become Leader Of The Soviet Union 
Canadian Prime Minister: Pierre Elliott __________.
In the period 978-1016 England was ruled by which "Unready" king ?
What particular gimmick was used in the 1958 film House of Wax 
What's 'Stir-Up Sunday'? 
Who played the policeman in The Blue Lamp? 
Which Saint's Day is celebrated on Boxing Day 
In 1952. 'Elizabeth Becomes Queen'. Who was her late father? 
Which Roman Emperor Followed Claudius? 
This was the largest real estate deal in U.S. history.
From Which Country Does The Poinsettia Plant Originate 
What Is A Male Witch Known As 
What type of sweet did Mars and Murrie develop in 1941? 
In 'A Christmas Carol'', what is Tiny Tim's surname 
The birthplace of Napoleon, also the capital of Corsica, is?
"Who Is The First Ghost To Appear To Scrooge In ""A Christmas Carol""?" 
Where did the famous witch trials of New England take place 
Which Mutiny Took Place In 1789? 
What Are The Names Of The Ghosts In The Classic 80's Video Game Pac Man 
Which great Renaissance figure had the surname Buonarroti? 
In 1960 who did Bobby Darin marry. 
Which of Courteney Coxs co-stars from the Scream films is now her husband 
In Which Year Was The Law Abolished That Allowed Witches To Be Burned 
What is the name for a noisy ghost or spirit 
On Dec 1st 1955 A Woman from Montgomery Alabama hit the headlines after refusing to give up her seat on a bus to make way for a white person what was her name? 
What was marco polo's home town 
This frontiersman and politician was killed at the Alamo.
Which 60s film was based on the true 'life' story of Robert Stroud 
Who was the lead singer for Creedence Clearwater Revival, and recently released 'Blue Moon Swamp'?
Which famous explorer visited Australia and New Zealand, then surveyed the Pacific coast of North America?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Toys in the Attic 
Who founded the Salvation Army in London, 1865? 
How many presidents of the United States fought in the Civil War?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Stardust 
Which 50's Movie features the Line 'Tomorrow you'll be one of us' 
His wife was Roxana, his horse was Bacephalus, he was?
What is the next line 'Christmas is coming the goose is getting fat …'' 
What is the name of the 'big con'' that Paul Newman and Robert Redford carry out in _The Sting_? 
What were the earliest tree ornaments? 
Which great ocean liner was launched in 1934? 
What was the first fighting vehicle?
In Which Series Of Films From 1984 Onwards Did Robert Englund Star As Freddy Krueger 
Which Magician Was An Advisor To King Arthur 
Which 50's Movie features the Line ' This is war. This is not a game of cricket'. 
What 'SK' Do You Call A Quiet Armour Wearer 
From which country does the poinsettia plant originate? 
What is the collective name for a group of Angels 
In 1951 Howard Hawks produced The Thing. Who directed the 1982 remake, which starred Kurt Russell 
Little boy & fat man were the first 
What was the name of the party dog that that was Budwiser's mascot in the late eighties? 
Complete the verse - 'Twas the night before christmas, when all through the house. Not a creature was stirring not even a 
What historic event does the nursery rhyme (Ring-a-ring of roses) commemorate? 
What is the Roman numeral for fifty?
What's fidel castro's brother's name 
Who Pioneered Nursing Whilst Serving In The Crimean War? 
Who took over from Kennedy after he was assassinated? 
"Who was the author of ""A Christmas Carol""?" 
What country did the allies invade in world war ii's operation avalanche 
Who killed Jesse James?
"From the Christmas Carol ""Good King Wenceslas"", where was Good King Wenceslas the King of?" 
What was Maggie Seaver's maiden name on Growing Pains? 
Who killed 5 london prostitutes in 1888 
Who was the composer of 'The Nutcracker' ballet? (Handel, Bach, Tchaikovsky, Schubert) 
Which city did Crocket and Tubbs spend most of their time in? 
What computer game featured a disco leftover looking for love? 
In 1969 Richard Cawston Made A Documentary For The BBC About Which Famous Family 
Which famous Arab / Israeli war took place in 1973? 
In 1974 who was sacked from his position of England football manager? 
What volcano destroyed Pompeii
What Was The Goverment Of Oliver Cromwell Called? 
"In Charles Dickens' ""A Christmas Carol"", how many different ghosts visited Scrooge?" 
Who was the mother of James I of England (VI of Scotland )? 
How Old Was Playboy Founder Hugh Hefner When He Launched The First Edition Of 'Playboy'' 
Who was the cult leader of the Waco Siege in 1993? 
In the 1855 Russian War, what were used to transport Torpedos ?
In the 'Twelve days of christmas', how many items in total are sent by 'my true love'?
Bruce Willis spends Christmas fighting terrorists in the 1988 film 'Die Hard'', which American city is this set in 
What is the nickname of the ship's computer in the 1979 film _Alien_? 
The Cranberries song 'Zombie' was released in which year 
Why did Richard John Bingham make the news in the 1970s? 
What did Regan due to the striking air traffic controllers? 
In Which Year Was Joan Of Arc Burned At The Stake? 
Which comedy trio made a 'Daft Noise For Christmas'' 
Who Made The First Non-Stop Transatlantic Crossing In An Aeroplane? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Arrival 
Who was the first man to reach the North Pole ?
Who Wrote 'Auld Lang Syne' 
In Which Year Did The Falklands Conflict Begin 
Who led the mongols?
How Old Was John F Kennedy When He Was Assassinated 
Where Was The German Fleet Scuppered At The End Of World War I? 
The 1954 movie White Christmas was the first to be made using what new Paramount film format? 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Aja 
What Tax Was Levied Between 1695 & 1851? 
Which country was first to operate an old age pension scheme? 
Which best selling American writer wrote and directed the sci-fi film Westworld ? 
Who Was Ousted By Corazon Aquino In 1986 
Who Had An 80's Hit With The Song 'Paranomia,' 
"On the Single "" Do They Know It's Christmas "" Only One Person Performed On Both The Original And The 20 Year Remake Band Aid 20, Who Was It?" 
Who died three days before Groucho Marx?
What was rudolf hess' sentence at the nuremburg trials 
In 1979 which English art historian was exposed as a one-time Soviet spy and stripped of his knighthood? 
Three of Santa's reindeers have a name beginning with the letter D, Dasher, Dancer and who else 
Which Islands In The Indian Ocean Gained Their Independence From Britain In 1976 
When does Santa deliver presents? 
In which Hitchcock classic does James Stewart play a man hired to follow Kim Novak? 
*What was the name of the computer in TV's Wonder Woman?* 
Name the author of The Novel Frankenstein 
Who rode naked through the streets of Coventry?
Who was "The Mad Monk"
Xavier Roberts was the name associated with which eighties toy? 
For what country did Columbus make his historic voyage
At Christmas, it is customary to exchange kisses beneath a sprig of which plant? 
Who popularized the Christmas tree in Britain and the U.S.? 
Who proclaimed thanksgiving a national holiday in 1863 
According to 'A Christmas Song'', what would you find roasting over an open fire 
Who was the second to set foot on the moon
Who received the nobel peace prize in 1964 for civil rights leadership?
How many witches were burned at the state in salem, massachusetts 
What does the name Dracula mean in Romanian
Who developed the first nuclear submarine?
Which 1976 Movie features the character 'Travis Bickle'' 
What Office Did Churchill Hold For The Longest Continous Period? 
U.S. President, John Quincy ________.
Which Queen Of England Was Known As Bloody Mary? 
In Which Scary Movie Will You Find The Character 'Dr Egon Spengler' 
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Cosmo's Factory 
In the 17th century which country started taxing beards ?
Which Australian cricketer, playing for New South Wales against Queensland, scored a then world record first-class innings of 452 not out? 
Who had a 1970 No 1 with 'I Hear You Knockin'. '' 
When The Conservative Party Were Known As Tories Who Were Their Chief Opponents? 
Who died three days after Elvis Presley?
Where was the big British pop festival held in 1969? 
To which island was Napoleon exiled, after his loss at Waterloo ?
What show was 'Whatcha talkin' 'bout Willis?' a standard catch phrase? 
Who Was President Of The USA In 1952 A) Harry Truman, B) Dwight Eisenhower, C= Lyndon Johnson 
The 14th July 1789 marked the start of what ?
On What Date Is Saint Stephens Day Celebrated 
He was the U.S. president during the Civil War.
What contribution to our Christmas heritage did Ralph E. Morris make in 1895? 
In which English town was William Shakespeare born?
Which was the first Chinese dynasty?
Who Released The 70's Album Entitled Reggatta de Blanc 
What was the name of the first nuclear powered submarine? 
