Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Mars ?
What was the town that ancient Greeks believed to be the centre of the world, and was the home of a famous oracle?
Poseidon was the Greek god of the ______?
How many times did Peter deny Jesus?
Which Titan had snakes for hair?
What does the "touch of Midas" turn everything into ?
What's heaven to fallen Norse warriors
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Minerva ?
What's heaven to fallen Norse warriors?
Who was the Greek god of fire?
What were the 'Golden Apples' in Greek myth?
In Egyptian mythology, who is the god of the underworld?
How many children did Noah have?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Vulcan ?
Egyptian Ibis-headed god?
How many sayings did Jesus say from the cross?
In Egyptian mythology, who is known as the god of the desert?
What religion was founded by Lao-tzu ?
Which Roman God was the equivalent of the Greek God Dionysus?
He was the second King of Israel.
Which tree do Druids regard sacred ?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Venus ?
He led the Israelites out of Egypt.
Though the touch of gold was removed, Midas was forever cursed by Athena to have the ears of which animal?
What is the name of the field where Christ was crucified?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Neptune
In theology, the study of final things such as death, judgement and the end of the world is called:
In Greek mythology, who did Jocasta marry?
Roman god of doorways and passages. Two headed deity from which we get the name of one of our months?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Cupid ?
According to the Bible, how many years did Methuselah live?
The sea gods had a three_pronged spear called a(n) ________.
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Diana
On which mountain did Moses receive the Ten Commandments?
He was condemned in Hades to forever push a boulder uphill, only for it to come rolling down before it reached the top.
Who is the Norse god of the sky and thunder ?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Vesta ?
In Greek mythology, into what did Athena turn Arachne?
What animal's meat can a Muslim not eat?
What religion was founded by Guru Nanak ?
Who founded the People's Temple Commune?
Who, in Egyptian mythology, is the god of the dead?
What 'S' was a king of israel who was famous for his wisdom?
On which day was the resurrection of Christ?
In Greek mythology, the riddle of what did Oedipus solve?
In Egyptian mythology, who was Isis the wife of?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Mercury
Who is the Roman goddess of destiny?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Juno
Who is the mother of Apollo and Artemis?
Who is the Norse Watchman of the Gods ?
In Greek mythology, who had nine heads?
In what month is Christmas observed
Who is the Linux operating system named after
He was the father of Zeus
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Pluto ?
Who founded the Salvation Army?
Who is the Norse god of the sky and thunder
According to the Bible, who were the brothers of Jesus?
Which Norse god had the Valkyries as handmaidens?
To where do Muslims make pilgrimage?
His wife was Penelope and his son, Telemachus. He was exiled from his home on Ithaca for angering the gods?
What has no reflection, no shadow, and can't stand the smell of garlic
In Norse mythology who was Odin's blood-brother?
According to popular belief brides walk to the what in the church? (not the aisle)
In Greek mythology, what was Minos the king of?
What is a person who has made a pilgimage to Mecca?
What is the last word in the New Testament?
How many animals of each kind did Moses take onto the ark?
What dod Pandora Release when she opened the box?
In Greek mythology, who was the only mortal gorgon?
Who is the Norse god of poetry
Who was Hercules' father?
Which group of people elect the pope ?
In what animal form did Zeus seduce Europa?
What two biblical cities did God destroy with fire and brimstone?
In Greek mythology, who drove the sun across the sky in his chariot?
What was the name of the mythical hero-king who slew Grendal?
Which city is sacred to Jews, Christians, and Muslims
Who was the Greek God of prophecy & archery, music & healing, light & truth, agriculture and cattle?
In Greek mythology, who was the beautiful young man Echo fell in love with?
Name the holiest day in the Jewish calendar.
What is the holy cup of Christ called?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Jupiter
Who founded the People's Temple Commune
His wife was Penelope and his son, Telemachus. He was exiled from his home on Ithaca for angering the gods.
In Greek mythology, who was the son of Peleus and Thetis?
Who was the Greek goddess of spring?
Where was Methodism founded ?
The Lord's Prayer appears in the Bible how many times (written numerically)?
Who is the Norse god of justice ?
In Greek mythology, what animal is associated with Athena?
In Greek mythology, who were Achilles' parents?
What religion was founded by Siddhartha Gautama ?
What is the holy book of Islam ?
In what city does a certain church forbid burping or sneezing?
What is the shortest verse in the bible? (John 11:35)
Who replaced Moses as the prophet of the Israelites?
In ancient Egypt which animal was considered sacred ?
Who founded Mormonism?
What is the name of the most famous of the rivers in the Underworld, the river of 'Hate' which dead souls must cross over?
Which Saint killed the dragon?
Who was the Greek god of wine?
A catholic minister is known as a?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Neptune ?
Who is referred to in the New Testament as 'the disciple Jesus loved'?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Mercury ?
Which ancient continent is said to be submerged
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Juno ?
What animal's meat can a Hindu not eat?
On which mountain did Moses receive the Ten Commandments
Who is the Norse Watchman of the Gods
Who is the Norse god of thunder and war?
Who was the ancient Egyptian goddess of the sky and queen of heaven ?
Who was the Greek god of prophecy and archery?
In China why were kites flown on the ninth day of every month ?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Discordia ?
Of the 266 popes, how many died violently?
This Greek mountain was known as the home of the gods.
Whose name did God change to Israel?
In Greek mythology, who was Jason's wife?
In Greek mythology, how many heads did Hydra have?
How old was Sarah when she had a child?
Who is the Norse god of poetry ?
The Greek goddess of fertility, also known as a protectress of witches.
What are the first three words of The Bible?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Vulcan
He was the first King of the Hebrews.
Apollo was the Greek god of ______?
In what month is Christmas observed?
Who is the Norse god of lightning?
These wounds of christ mysteriously appear on believers who sometimes weep blood as well.
Who killed a dragon in ancient mythology?
Dionysus was the greek god of ______?
Which city is sacred to Jews, Christians, and Muslims?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Diana ?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Cupid
What is the 1st book of the Hindu scripture?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Mars
Who is the Norse god of justice
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Pluto
In Greek mythology who did Athena turn into a spider?
What is the birthstone for January?
In Greek mythology, where did Perseus kill his grandfather?
In Greek mythology, who ruled over the island of Samos?
In Greek mythology, who was Medea's husband?
This roman soldier pierced the crucified Christ on His side with his spear.
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Minerva
Which two books in the Old Testament list the ten commandments? (in order of appearance)
How long did it take God to create the Universe?
In Norse myth, there were two separate races of gods: the Aesir gods which included Odin and Thor, and the ____ gods from whom descended Freya.
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Discordia
Who did the Norse god Odin have as handmaidens?
What mythical Scottish town appears for one day every 100 years?
Persephone was the Greek goddess of ______?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Venus
The sea gods had a three-pronged spear called a(n) ________.
In Greek mythology, who turned Arachne into a spider?
Who is the Greek messenger god?
What is Greek muse of dance and choral song?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Jupiter ?
What is God called in the Muslim faith?
Who is the Norse god of mischief?
In Greek mythology, what did Daedalus construct for Minos?
Neptune was the Roman god of the ______?
What is the name given to the supreme reality in Hinduism?
Who killed Goliath?
Where did Robin Hood supposedly live
In Greek mythology, who solved the riddle of the Sphinx?
Where did Robin Hood supposedly live?
Followers of the Unification Church are called ________.
What religious movement was founded by William Booth?
What was the first sign shown to Moses by God according to the Bible?
Who was Hercules' stepmother?
Which ancient continent is said to be submerged?
Who is the greek equivalent of the roman god Vesta
In Egyptian mythology, who was Horus' mother?
Who was Ancient Egyptian goddess of fertility, love and beauty ?
In English mythology, who caused the death of the Lady of Shallot?
In Greek mythology, who hired Daedalus to construct the labyrinth?
Who was Ancient Egyptian moon god ?
In Greek mythology, who did Minos hire to construct the labyrinth?
He led the Mormons to the Great Salt Lake.
In Egyptian mythology, what is the life force called?
