Who said "All life begins and ends with Nu___at least this is my belief for now___"?                                                 
In the 'Extreme Battle' mini-game in 'Resident Evil 2', what characters are selectable?                                              
Which body part is found in Bodley Mansion in 'Castlevania II: Simon's Quest'?                                                       
In the game Joust, what animal was your mount?                                                                                       
What video game starts out with Koma Pigs stealing your treasured bracelet?                                                          
How many buttons (excluding the control pad) did the original NES controller have?                                                   
Who created the music for N2O: Nitrous Oxide?                                                                                        
Who is the famed musical director for Square's Final Fantasy series?                                                                 
What is the development team at Nintendo headed by Shigeru Miyamotocalled?                                                           
Which was the first manned aircraft to exceed the speed of sound ?
The Sega Genesis game about two lost aliens looking for their spaceship was called what?                                             
Who is the main character from Nintendo's 'Earthbound'?                                                                              
In which Mega Man game did Mega Man first gain the ability to charge up his shots?                                                   
What does the 'x' mean when referring to the speed of a CD-rom (eg. 32x)?
In the Sonic the Hedgehog series, what serves as your energy?                                                                        
Who is the boss of the SNES game, 'Ranma 1/2: SUPER Hard Battle'?                                                                    
What does LED stand for?
On what non-Nintendo console can you find Zelda games?                                                                               
What is IRC an acronym for?
What is the reason behind the layout of the Qwerty keyboard ?
What is Mario's profession?                                                                                                          
Who is Mega Man's creator?                                                                                                           
What entertainment product did Nintendo make before entering the video game business?                                                
Which character was introduced in 'Super Street Fighter II'?                                                                         
What is the name of the cloud-riding, glasses-wearing koopa in the Super Mario Bros. series?                                         
Who has the world's largest double-decker tram fleet?
What was the name of the first plane ever to fly ?
Linux is a clone of what operating system?
Who programmed Roller Coaster Tycoon?                                                                                                
What is the signature move of the Bombs in the Final Fantasyseries?                                                                  
What does 'IBM' stand for?
What is a "koopa?"                                                                                                                   
What is the most powerful whip in 'Castlevania 2'?                                                                                   
Which legendary games designer/producer created the Super Mario Brothers franchise for Nintendo?
What does CR-ROM stand for?
How many fighters are playable in 'Street Fighter II'?                                                                               
How many bits are in a nibble ?
Who is the Linux operating system named after ?
Who was the main character in the original 'Street Fighter'?                                                                         
What did the letters in ROB (the old NES peripheral) stand for?                                                                      
In the original Contra, what gun would "S" get you?                                                                                  
Samus Aran is the femme-fatale of which series of games?                                                                             
Which brothers built a home-made supercomputer to calculate the digits of Pi ?
Name the final boss from each Final Fantasy game (1-8, in that order).                                                               
When was the first 'Final Fantasy' created?                                                                                          
Circuits can be wired in parallel or ______?
What was the first version of Microsoft Windows?
Which company made the original 'Donkey Kong'?                                                                                       
Who is the first gym leader you fight in 'Pokémon' for the Game Boy?                                                                 
What was the Earth's first artificial satellite ?
What do you need to collect 100 of to get an extra life in Super Mario Bros.?                                                        
What was the first home console system released by Sega?                                                                             
What member of the original StarFox team betrays the group to join StarWolf?                                                         
Who invented Tetris?                                                                                                                 
What alternate dimension does Link find himself in in Majora's Mask?                                                                 
What colour is the 'Black box' on commercial planes?
What was the Jaguar Car called before 1945?
What is your character's name in the 'Legend of Zelda' series?                                                                       
In the game "Chrono Trigger," what is Lucca's mother's name?                                                                         
Name all of the main characters from each Final Fantasy game, in order (Final Fantasy 2 and 4-10 only).                              
What was Fortran designed for ?
What was invented over 3000 years ago that is now considered the first 'computer'?
What arcade game did Shigeru Miyamoto design Donkey Kong as a replacement for?                                                       
In the original All-C Saga game, who kills Mandy and Matthew?                                                                        
What was the first game created by Rare?                                                                                             
What is Ozzie's hyper sister's name in the original 'All-C Saga' game?                                                               
Who is the developer at Nintendo responsible for classics like Donkey Kong, Super Mario Bros., and The Legend of Zelda?              
secret of Evermore' was entirely produced in which country?                                                                         
What happened to the innocent residents of the Mushroom Kingdom when Bowser Koopa took over?                                         
Who wrote the song, "Pac-Man Fever?"                                                                                                 
How many gears do you have in 'Pole Position'?                                                                                       
What is the name of the video game inspired by the movie Alien?                                                                      
What special track is unlocked in 'Excite Bike 64' if you finish the tutorial?                                                       
Who is the third opponent in 'Super Smash Brothers'?                                                                                 
The Hylians come from what game series?                                                                                              
The Minus World of Super Mario Bros. is a never-ending version of what stage?                                                        
Who invented the Telephone ?
In 'Adventure', which castle had a dark maze in it when you played on any but the easiest difficult level?                           
What does the acronym COBOL stand for?
What was the first cartridge that had a battery backed save feature?                                                                 
Who was the founder of Lotus Cars Ltd.?
What does the acronym "NES" stand for?                                                                                               
Mega Man's traditional nemesis in the Mega Man series is whom?                                                                       
Who is Mega Man's sister?                                                                                                            
Who invented the Hovercraft ?
What was the first lighthouse ?
What object did you need to get to the secret room in Atari's 'Adventure'?                                                           
What is the name of the Star Fox Team's cocky wingman?                                                                               
Manjimaru is the main character of which game?                                                                                       
Nolan Bushnell, creator of the first arcade game, also founded the video arcade chain now known as what?                             
What fuzzy animal does Croc rescue?                                                                                                  
Who pilots the Gundam "Epyon" in the game 'Gundam Wing: Endless Duel'?                                                               
What does FTP stand for?
In Adventure, which castles require the bridge to explore fully?                                                                     
What game takes place on the fantastic island of Koholint?                                                                           
What are names of the two brothers in the Double Dragon games?                                                                       
What number is the Pokémon "Scyther" in the Pokémon GameBoy games?                                                                   
Which RPG series features a line of inventors of the name "Shaia?"                                                                   
In Dead or Alive 2, Hayabusa informs you that "If your soul is imperfect," what?                                                     
What is Celine Jules's (Star Ocean: The Second Story) favorite food?                                                                 
In Sonic the Hedgehog, the character Knuckles is what species?                                                                       
In 'Pac-Man' for the Atari 2600, how many points were each pellet worth?                                                             
What item's sound effect was removed from Smash Brothers when it was ported from Japan to the United States                          
In Chrono Trigger, who is the "Master of War?"                                                                                       
What type of printer did Seiko develop for the 1964 Tokyo Olympics?
The Internet Relay Chat Program, which normally connects to port 6667, is more commonly known as ___.
In the Mystical Ninja series, who is Goemon's sidekick?                                                                              
What was the first Arcade game ever released?                                                                                        
In Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, what animal does Mileena turn into in her Animality?                                                    
The Nintendo 64 was titled under what name during production?                                                                        
Who invented Tetris ?
What was the first version of Microsoft Windows to have networking capabilities?
Who is the main character in the 'DeathQuest' series?                                                                                
What does ASCII stand for?
What was Nintendo's first Arcade game?                                                                                               
What country did the operating system 'Linux' come from?
In Super Mario Bros. 2, how many extra lives do you get for spinning three 7s on the slot machine?                                   
The quote "You spoony bard!" is from what game?                                                                                      
Which was the first console "Duke Nukem' game?                                                                                       
Who is the CEO of Apple computers?
In the Soul Edge series, who is known as "The Dandy of the South Seas?"                                                              
How much money do you start with in the game 'Wall Street Kid'?                                                                      
Which Writer established the three laws of robotics?
If you're killing a goomba, what game are you playing?                                                                               
Konami's classic shooter Salamander is better known in the U.S. as what?                                                             
On aircraft what does VTOL stand for?
What does the CAT in CAT-SCAN stand for?
What color is the 1-up mushroom in Super Mario Bros.?                                                                                
What's the first video game ever to contain an "Easter Egg"?                                                                         
What was the hybrid pinball/video game in the Pac-Man series?                                                                        
What was launched on the 4th December 1996 ?
Final Fantasy Legend 1-3 are known in Japan as what?                                                                                 
What new female fighter is introduced in 'Virtua Fighter 4'?                                                                         
As what was Sony's video recorder known?
What is the name of the Playstation controller that uses two analog joysticks?                                                       
What does the acronym HTML stand for?
Nintendo's mascot, Mario, has a last name. What is it?                                                                               
In what game do you collect Jiggies, Jinjos, and Feathers (amongst other things)?                                                    
Who manufactured the first home video game system?                                                                                   
