Charles Darrow based his game upon the 1904 "The Landlord's Game".
In the game of chess, which piece has the most freedom to move?
Whose 3_dimensional cube became a 70s & 80s craze
How many tiles does a player play to score a bingo in Scrabble
How many pieces are found in a chess set ?
Where on your body would you wear flippers
Which game usually begins with, "Is it animal, vegetable, or mineral"
These are the two highest valued letters in "Scrabble". "Q" and _____.
The King in chess can move a maximum of this many squares.
The easiest to defend continent in Risk
In pool, what color is the eight ball?
Monopoly penalty space between Baltic Ave. and Reading RR (2 wds)
If you combined k & p to make cables what would your hobby be
In snooker, how many points are accumulated in a perfect break?
In poker five cards of the same suit is called a(n) ________.
Which exercises are designed to increase O2 consumption & speed circulation
This chess term means "in passing"
How many squares are there on a chessboard
Where did the card game 'bridge' originate?
In Monopoly, What is the cost to buy Vermont Avenue
This is the strongest poker hand you can get.
This popular card game's name is spanish for "one."
In which sport or game is the term "rook" used?
Large plastic animals gobbled marbles in this game.
Building tool named after Civil War president.
How many squares are there on a chessboard?
Leading manufacturer of toy cars.
What are a chessboard's horizontal rows called?
D&D stands for this.
What is the Chess ranking system called ?
These are the two highest valued letters in "Scrabble".  "Q" and _____.
How many numbers are on the spinner in the game of 'Life'?
What is the tallest piece on a chessboard?
How much does Park Place cost in Monopoly (in US Dollars)?
In pool, what color is the eight ball
This is the game that "Ties you up in knots".
In this game players take turns placing disks on an 8x8 board.
Personal merry_go_round guaranteed to make you dizzy.
Which chess piece is usually valued as 5 points
In which sport or game are the terms: 'pin', 'fork', and 'skewer' used?
What bowling term means three straight strikes?
What number is at 12 o'clock on a dartboard?
What game is Bobby Fischer associated with?
This game of chance was originally called 'Beano'.
How many balls are used in a game of snooker in addition to the cue ball
Tic-Tac-Toe is based on which game ?
To what do opposite faces of a dice always add up?
In which game or sport can a person be "skunked"?
What is another name for the card game 'Blackjack'?
Which game usually begins with, "Is it animal, vegetable, or mineral?"
In Monopoly, What is the cost to buy New York Avenue
Moving anti-clockwise on a dartboard, what is the number next to '4'?
What score is not possible for a cribbage hand?
What does a twitcher look for
In Monopoly, What is the cost to buy Oriental Avenue
In which sport are terms "spare" and "gutter" used
What is the best possible score in blackjack?
In which sport or game is the term "rook" used
The object of this card game is to meld sets of 7 or more cards.
Which game has 361 intersections ?
Name of Barbie's hot pink sports_car.
What score is not possible for a cribbage hand
In which game or sport are "Staunton" pieces used?
In a game of horseshoes, how many feet apart must the stakes be?
This game (involving a net) was introduced in 1874 as sphairistike
Board game involving rapid climbing and tragic sliding.
You meld groups of three cards or more of the same rank or suit in this game.
Frank Lloyd Wright son John invented these after watching workers move timber.
This cube puzzle was invented by a Hungarian mathematician in 1974.
Klondike is the most popular form of this game.
This is a French named car_racing card game.
Term for any number between 19 & 36 in Roulette
This term denotes a chess move in which both the king and the rook are moved.
In poker five cards of the same suit is called a(n) __________.
A Royal Flush is the best hand you can get in which game
What is the most popular sport in england?
What game or sport is Bobby Fischer identified with
There are this many red_letter cubes in Perquackey.
In which game might a person have a "full house"
What bowling term means three straight strikes
In which game might a person have a "full house"?
Eva Gabor and Johnny Carson popularized this game by climbing over each other.
This is the length, in feet, of a regulation Snooker table
How many folds does a Monopoly board have?
In which sport or game are the terms: 'pin', 'fork', and 'skewer' used
You inserted sticks into round blocks to build abstractions with these.
Word derived from "shah mat", from the arabic for "the king is dead"
Originally an exercise ring, Indonesia banned it as "might stimulate passion".
Term for any number between one & 18 in Roulette
Talking toy that helped you do well on Spelling tests.
Little blue cartoon figurines.
In which game or sport can a person be "skunked"
This is the oldest board game still played (5000 yr old boards were found)
How many dots are there on a pair of dice
From what were balloons originally made?
Atari competitor that featured better graphics.
How many dots are there on a pair of dice?
A.k.a a pair of aces & a pair of eights
This ancient Chinese game is played with 156 small rectangular tiles.
In this card game, teams are designated North_South and East_West.
Plastic vehicle equipped with spin_out brake.
What is the name of the board that Baduk is player on ?
If you "peg out" what game are you playing?
Which British game is known as checkers in the USA
What toy was originally made from the bladder of an animal?
In Monopoly, What is the cost to buy Electric Company
Number of points lost for scratching off the blue ball in snooker
How much is the luxury tax (in dollars) in Monopoly
What number is on the opposite side of the "five" on dice?
This is the lowest ranking suit in Bridge.
If you're involved in firing, throwing, and glazing, what do you do
In Monopoly, What is the cost to Get Out of Jail
Name the only woman suspect in the game of "Cluedo" who isn't married.
What is another name for the card game 'Twenty-one'?
How many discs does each player have to start with in draughts (checkers)
What number is on the opposite side of the "five" on dice
In roulette, what number is green?
A poker hand consisting of three of a kind and a pair is called a _______.
A bridge hand with no cards in one suit is said to have a _______.
Name the only flexible murder weapon in the game of "Cluedo".
Whist is an early form of this card game.
What game or sport is Bobby Fischer identified with?
In which sport are terms "spare" and "gutter" used?
How many dots are on a twister mat?
You rotated blocks and matched up the colors to solve this puzzle.
What are a cheesboard's vertical rows called?
In which game or sport are "Staunton" pieces used
Where does the annual Poker World Series take place?
Which chess piece is usually valued as 5 points?
What would you buy from a Gibbons' catalogue
How many balls are used in a game of snooker including the cue ball?
If you "peg out" what game are you playing
Mundane toy that involved sticking plastic pieces on scenes.
